Nice small design. very portable and handy. you do not need to carry charger.You can carry in your pocket.Charge and Sync data any where with micro USB (or Android Phone) Charger or Data cable.
Outbuild is cool, but socket is very plasticky and small.
Its a very lame device fits very badly into the universal charger pin.Ant its very vulnerable !Always disconnects from charging u will have to keep adjusting the device in order to complete ur charge! No perfection at all!
The most worst product which I brought on Amazon.  After connecting to my iphone, immediately phone given a message "This cable or accessory is not certified and may not work reliably with this iphone".  It didn't charged single time also.
The product is compact, works fine, and is also white to match the Apple Charger (the important things fandom sees in increasing order!)Initial attempt - worked well, no problems (it is not a light saber after all.)For the price, a great steal and a must have!
Quality is not upto the mark, half the time you need struggle with this to charge.
Not at all worth it - Not even close to original - Would spoil your battery - This is a chinese product worth Rs. 18 - Plastic Breaks as well - No Point buying it
This is not certified for ios 7 and above.
it is not working for I phone5 and above... and seller is not responding...
I have edited my earlier 5 star review, because this product now after using for about a month, has stopped working, i.e. it does not make a connection with the micro USB and so there is a loose connection, which was not there when I started using it.
Don't Waste money on it even it is cheap but main thing is it's not working on iphone 5 and ipad.
Good working as charger and also sync cable but only the postal charge is high 65rupees and 60 rupees for pin
not working fromday one loosing hope on amazon till now i ordered 3 items but none of them was satisfied
Bought this with great enthusiasm, But it does not go into the phone at all. i am now struggling to return this.
Complete waste of money. Doesn't work with any iDevice; you get an unsupported accessory message and does not charge.
Good product. Working very well. Value for money. Packing also very safe and good. Delivery on time. Overall I am very much satisfied.
Not working with iphone5 so returned
Worked only for few days. Now I get a message on my phone that this is not identified as approved device from APPLE and doesnt charge any more !!
Very good product, can carry in pocket as not all place will have a iPhone charger but can use this on andriod phone chargers and charge your apple devices !!
Very useful if a family uses both android and iphone 5s.This Adapter can be fixed in the Android charger and need not carry cabled Lightening charger .I will certainly recommend for others.
Ok for ocassional use. Does not connect to iphone easily.
product ok...pad gets charged with sony chrger with micro usb
This Product is not working...looks like inside pins are damaged
It's not working at all. No connection coming. Very disappointed.
Really superbits very nice.Use it so easy
Very poor quality of product. Did not work at all on any chargers
Yes, but the colour given was black as against the white I have orderd
What an amazing thing and that too at a great price.  Delivered well in time
I got the product on time it is working. But it does not snug fit micro USB .
It's good.No problem yet.Charges little slowly compared to other chargers.
Useless product wasted money to buy this
Does not work, waste of money and effort.
Working OK. But it is tiny for this price.
It serves the purpose but the quality is ok.
Small.... And just the right thing for travel
Very cheap quality, got  broken within 4 days
Its not working not compatiable with i iPhone 5
Perfect for charging my ipod using a micro usb cable.
POOR QUALITY , DOES NOT WORK, AND ALSO LOOKS LIKE USED
its not supporting for ipad mini. i hate this product.
Works well! Simplifies life!
does not work.. not worth it!
Good product rate little high
Return pick up not arranged yet
Very bad product. Defective piece
AMAZON....U...ROCKS....THE WORLD....
not working with IPad, don't go for it
It does not fit on the micro usb fully.
It's excellent and very handy n useful.
Ordered item is different than delivered
OK , and essential
Useless, Don't buy
Worst product ever.
Ok kinds but usefull
Bad one; not working
Ok. Serves the purpose.
Very bad it's not working
Good prodcut worth to but
very bad quality material
Its good.  I like using it.
Not working
not working
S*** quality
nice product
Nice product
working proper
Nicely designed
Working good ..
Not a gud quality
amazing product😋
good
Ok ok
great
Handy
Steal
Waste
damage
Not good
Very good
nice price
the circuit came separately when i tried to remove the charger from my ipad.. poor quality
good
