
 Received the handset with manufacturing defects.
The technical team just ran a software which was malicious and somehow showed me everything is fine. whereas my problem of voice whenever i make a call still persists. And the technician kept reading a script and was adamant that no matter if i go to lenovo store or anywhere - i will not be getting any replacement and i have to live with this crappy good for nothing device . 
1star cuz there is no option for zero stars. 

 BENCHMARK:->AnTuTu---Score->20512(For A6000 Plus) Versus, 20234(For A6000). Versus,18350(For Moto G Second Generation)  
ADVANTAGES:----->  
(1) 2 GB of ram(DDR-3) for better multitasking(Which is very good)
(2) 16 GB of internal storage(11.53 GB of usable storage,Which is ample)
(3) A free screen guard is provided by Lenovo (Out of the box)
(4) Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic(Also known as secondary noise cancellation) & Works well in crowded areas.
(5) Dolby Digital Plus Sound(Stereo or Dual Speakers). In fact it is a delight for music lovers. The music can be customized the way you want, with tons of enhancements & customizations for both speaker and In-ears.
(6) Display is good with wide viewing angle of 170 degrees with 294 pixel per inch and has a resolution of 1280x720. Brightness is sufficient under sunlight( And yes! It has Auto-brightness option)
(7)Supports 4G LTE.
(8)Built quality is very good & the phone is very slim, light weight(128 grams) & can be operated by one hand. The plus factor of this phone is its light weight.
(9) Qualcomm MSM8916 Snapdragon 410 Quad-core 1.2 GHz(Reasonably good at this price point)
(10) Graphics:-Adreno 306, can play some, or most of the games at high or medium settings.And can easily play video files exceeding 1080p resolution. 
(11)Apps not only can be transferred to SD card, but can be installed directly on SD card as well(Which is very good, since even most of the high end phones doesn't let you to install an app on the SD card)
(12) Primary Camera is certainly better than most of the sub-class Phones. Secondary camera too, is good.
(13)Battery backup is around 48 to 55 hours, for light users, 38 to 48 hours for medium user and 24 to 36 hours for power user. And for extreme users it is less than 24 hours.
(14)Runs Android 4.4.4 KitKat out-of-the-box with the company's own Vibe 2.0 UI. And is fluidic. And according to Lenovo, the A6000 plus will be upgraded to Android Lollipop in the coming Second or Third quarter.  
DISADVANTAGES:------>  
(1)No back-lit illumination on touch buttons, and Notification indicator is missing.
(2)Does not support USB "On-The-Go"(OTG). And the box does not include a free set of earphone.
(3)A lot of bloatware installed by Lenovo(Remove as much of them to make the phone responsive, & free, some of the internal space. i.e-12.5 GB, can be gained)
(4)No scratch resistant glass, Ex:- Corning's, "Gorilla Glass" or Asahi's, "Dragontrail" 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
NOTE:->Out of the two Sim card slots, one is 4G, and the other one is 2G.  
FLIPKART SERVICE:---->Very Good(Got the phone within hours)  
VERDICT:---->Impressive (considering the price point) but don't expect it to be F-35 Lightning II, when in fact it is more like Sukhoi 35.  
----------------------------------------------------TIPS---------------------------------------------------- 
(1)Remove the bloatwares Installed By The Company-->To Free Ram & To Boost The Performance. And of course to gain some lost space.
(2)Reduce or Turn Off The Animations-->To Make The Phone More Responsive & To Resolve The Hanging Issues(If Any), Though i am Not Having Any Issues.
(3)Listen Through the In-Ears OR Earphones Whenever Possible-->To Conserve The Battery Power. 
(4)Right now the the phone is operating under kit Kat 4.4, which is basically a 32 Bit operating system, This means the Snapdragon "MSM8916 410" processor which is 64 Bit processor, is not performing optimally on this phone, once the phone is upgraded to the "ANDROID LOLLIPOP", which is a 64 Bit operating system,The performance of this phone is expected to rise up to 20% to 30%. Which is a very very good thing by the price factor of this phone.  
This is all i have got to share with you right now. Will Try To Keep On Updating. 

 I usually use this phone to iron my dress.the phone produces immense heat..
The 'battery percentage' is very much helpful for the children to learn numbers in descending within few minutes...thankzz lenovo 

 firstly i want to tell about the phone, then i will resolve some usres issue. 
phone is superb in its price range. 
processor- it has a power full processor which make the user experience good.
 for processor i will give 10/10 , using from morning and writing review at 1:30 am,
 i have not felt any lagging issue, not any application crash.. 
Camera- rear camera is not superb as you expect from the digit 8 Mp, but i want you make sure that camera is as good as zenfone 5, and moto g2, there is littile diffrence only which we call , 19,20(unnis, bis ka fark), the combination of flash is not good, it make object more lighty some time few parts are nt visible but if you click pics using flash then make sure that you are minimum 3 feet apart from the object then you will get good pic. 
and front camera as ususal is good as 2MP, can click..you feel proudy on your selfie. 
for rear camera I will give: 7.5/10
and for front camera its : 9/10. 
Battery- battery is good if you are a moderate to heavy user, and superb if you are a moderate user then its superb. 
in heavy uses it gives, 10 to 11 hour continue battery backup, and in moderate uses it will gives 1.5 to 2 day(assuming). 
after full charge.
for charging like other phones its also takes 2 to 3 hour. 
for over all battery performance i will give: 8.5/10 
sound, gaming - it has dolby dual speaker , which make our entertainment experience good, nice sound produced by this....while making call the voice of other side is bit low, but it is good if you think...bcz in some phones while talking some one without headset, the voice of other side is comes out and we have to manage it.. 
i played asphalt 8 it played the game very smoothly...didnt heat much...only normal heat is produced which is ignorable. 
before selling the phone lenovo, clear the all specs about the phone that there is no back lite or no otg support for this...
and it will not give us headfone...so whhy we give negative rating to this phone regarding this thing...it on us before purchasing be sure what the specs and what we will get..in accessories...I have no complain regarding this to lenovo, because it tries to give us to be a part of good android phone owner in this price range...7.5k. 
and now few users have problem with camera, application crash r lagging... 
--> for camera if you have not removed the polythene layer o=over the back camera..then please remmove..it is not visible and it is fix as our attention is not go on this...so please before clicking pic remove it from the rear camera......camera is really good. 
-->> for lagging you have to kill the some process to free ram...there is a method on you tube saying tips and trick for A6000 go for it, after doing that thing you will never feel any lagging issue. 
its all about mine review review about lenovo A6000.   

 Hi All, 
I am writing this review for all those who are skeptical about this phone and are in dilemma whether or not to buy this phone. 
Here is my review after a month of the Usage, if you think 30 days are sufficient to know a device.
1. The device is a masterpiece with all the required features, one expects in today's time. 2. The Phone really proves it's worth. The Screen is so vibrant that every time you look at it, it a new experience. 
3. Talking about the App's that are pre-installed, please do remove the ones that you feel are not required or else, disable them as possible. The Icons do give a feel of clarity and looks similar to iPhone.
4. 2GB Ram does it's work and does not allow any lags what so ever. The Phone comes with pre-installed Game Apps. I installed the Asphalt Airborne 8 and I am enjoying the game to the max.. with no lags whatsoever.
5. There's a pre-installed app to clear the RAM and CPU and it does prove to be efficient to release the Memory for re-use.
6. Coming to battery, as was informed by Google that Android Kitkat would be battery efficient, so it is.. On a pretty decent usage, with Calls, Emails, Playing Games and using other apps, I still have enough battery the next morning. 
And before I forget, many users informed that the Device Heats a lot and can be used as a Pan. I would say, It's not a PAN and it does work as a Phone. Having said that, the heating is possible only if you playing Games for a long time, or with the charging on, else, there's no heating at all. 
I hope this helps you with your decision making and if you have more questions, Genuine questions, please leave a reply. 

 I have purchased Lenovo A6000. I got defective mobile handset. When I requested for redplacement/return they are giving any proper answer. 
Really very bad experience with flipkart. I will suggest to all online customer pls dont buy anything specially from flipkart.com. I am going to consumer forum for the same cause. 

 Bought the mobile on 2nd Flash sale. Ive experienced a heavy heating issue with the phone and Battery backup just lasted for 3hrs in standby. So i asked for a Replacement but they Rejected it. So i planed to take it to the service center. Before going i read some reviews about the heating issues. So i used the mobile without memory card for a Day, i faced no heat and the battery is solid. Then i Formated the memory card in the mobile itself and using till now, its almost 3 weeks and the phone is excellent. Im happy with both the Cameras, it provides sharp images and HDR is Outstanding. 

 I brought this product and frankly speaking i liked it initially. It was good phone with reasonable price. But after one and half month, my touch has stopped working. I contacted Flipkart, they advised me to visit Service Center for Lenovo smart phones. Then i visited HCL Touch Lucknow on 26th June. They checked it and told me that there is issue with touch plane and they have asked for part from some where. Today is 17 July. And I am still waiting for my phone. More over response of Lenovo service escalations staff is truly irresponsible.I sent a mail to them i got only automated reply that i will get a call or response.But that never happened. 
I strongly recommend a BIG NO for all Lenvo new Phone.
Go for Lumia/Samsung/Sony.... 

 In Kolkata Ordered the Phone on 25th May on the open sale (no registration was required), got it delivered finally on 31st May.So, Flipkart is not always so fast. Thumbs down here to Flipkart. 
Now about the Phone: Would not repeat specifications like most of the users. Just review:
Pros:
1) Look & feel - Inspite of being a 7.5K phone it looks very premium and is very light on palm.
2) Touch - It is extremely responsive and fluid. the 3 capacitive Android controls are also OK but not backlit. With more upgrades and Android Lolipop(5) the touch surely would become better.
3) CPU,GPU, RAM and ROM - Very fast and peppy. Game experience is also very good. No lags, no pixelation, no hang problem. Set all storage settings to memory card and you would get optimum performance always. I am using a 16 GB UHS Transcend card.
4) Camera - Front camera is very good and back camera is OK.There are many controls that could be customized which is very good. IF "HDR" is on then always 2 images will be taken per click.Picture quality for the front is excellent being a 2 MP snapper, for the back it is good & satisfactory. Do not forget to remove the LENS cover for better clarity and always set sharpness to "0".When using ZOOM for the back camera picture quality drops. Hope future updates fix it.
5) VIBE UI - It depends on user to user, but it felt great to me, easy to use/navigate. If you need pure Stock Android experience then use "Google Now Launcher".So far VIBE UI 2 in this phone does not allow features like "Double tap to on/off screen".
6) Applications could easily be moved to M-SD card. Do remove few unwanted pre-installed ones to free up some memory and better response.
7) Sound - Extremely good and almost comparable to iPhone or Blackberry sound. The twin speakers are pretty loud but to feel the real "DOLBY" effect connect it to a good external speakers or In-Ear headphone. I bought JBL T100A and let me tell you it is insane. Will recommend this JBL headphone as well.It has mic. as well.
8) Heating - All Android devices get hot while heavy usage or gaming. It is not a big deal as we all pretty much use at least a back cover. I bought a "Karpine Flip Cover for Lenovo A6000" it looks very premium,catch eye and does the job perfectly. I would definitely recommend this cover.
9) Battery - Like every other Android battery does not provide great backup but OK. On moderate usage it should last more than a day and that is your queue.
10) SIM - Only SIM slot 1 is capable of 4G/3G/2G; SIM slot 2 is only 2G.
11) Lastly - Do googling or search on YOUTUBE for Tricks and Tips and helpful stuff about this phone and you would not regret. 
Cons:
1) LENOVO should have provided backlit Android keys(just get used to it, not rocket science) as it would not have caused Lenovo much and perhaps notification LED as well. So Thumbs down here.
2) The screen does not have any added protection so opt for a tempered glass screen protector. I bought "Chevron T119 Two Screen Protectors" and let me tell you this product is very good and installation is also air bubble free. 
There is nothing called a best and always rooms for improvisation and improvement so giving it 4.Don't cry for the unavailability of headphone in the box because at this price range it is too much to ask for. Of course LENOVO could provide a cheap one but then you would again complain for the same would you not?? Be wise and take your decision.To remove google/Facebook/other accounts from this phone go to SETTINGS > Select the account > Select account name (tap) > Hit the left most android key(multitask) once > You'll see the REMOVE account hidden there. 

 Lets cut the crap, and head right to the point.  
BENCHMARK:->AnTuTu---Score->20512(For A6000 Plus) Versus, 20234(For A6000). Versus,18350(For Moto G Second Generation)  
ADVANTAGES:----->  
(1) 2 GB of ram(DDR-3) for better multitasking(Which is very good)
(2) 16 GB of internal storage(11.53 GB of usable storage,Which is ample)
(3) A free screen guard is provided by Lenovo (Out of the box)
(4) Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic(Also known as secondary noise cancellation) & Works well in crowded areas.
(5) Dolby Digital Plus Sound(Stereo or Dual Speakers). In fact it is a delight for music lovers. The music can be customized the way you want, with tons of enhancements & customizations for both speaker and In-ears.
(6) Display is good with wide viewing angle of 170 degrees with 294 pixel per inch and has a resolution of 1280x720. Brightness is sufficient under sunlight( And yes! It has Auto-brightness option)
(7)Supports 4G LTE.
(8)Built quality is very good & the phone is very slim, light weight(128 grams) & can be operated by one hand. The plus factor of this phone is its light weight.
(9) Qualcomm MSM8916 Snapdragon 410 Quad-core 1.2 GHz(Reasonably good at this price point)
(10) Graphics:-Adreno 306, can play some, or most of the games at high or medium settings.And can easily play video files exceeding 1080p resolution. 
(11)Apps not only can be transferred to SD card, but can be installed directly on SD card as well(Which is very good, since even most of the high end phones doesn't let you to install an app on the SD card)
(12) Primary Camera is certainly better than most of the sub-class Phones. Secondary camera too, is good.
(13)Battery backup is around 48 to 55 hours, for light users, 38 to 48 hours for medium user and 24 to 36 hours for power user. And for extreme users it is less than 24 hours.
(14)Runs Android 4.4.4 KitKat out-of-the-box with the company's own Vibe 2.0 UI. And is fluidic. And according to Lenovo, the A6000 plus will be upgraded to Android Lollipop in the coming Second or Third quarter.  
DISADVANTAGES:------>  
(1)No back-lit illumination on touch buttons, and Notification indicator is missing.
(2)Does not support USB "On-The-Go"(OTG). And the box does not include a free set of earphone.
(3)A lot of bloatware installed by Lenovo(Remove as much of them to make the phone responsive, & free, some of the internal space. i.e-12.5 GB, can be gained)
(4)No scratch resistant glass, Ex:- Corning's, "Gorilla Glass" or Asahi's, "Dragontrail" 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
NOTE:->Out of the two Sim card slots, one is 4G, and the other one is 2G.  
FLIPKART SERVICE:---->Very Good(Got the phone within hours)  
VERDICT:---->Impressive (considering the price point) but don't expect it to be F-35 Lightning II, when in fact it is more like Sukhoi 35.  
----------------------------------------------------TIPS---------------------------------------------------- 
(1)Remove the bloatwares Installed By The Company-->To Free Ram & To Boost The Performance. And of course to gain some lost space.
(2)Reduce or Turn Off The Animations-->To Make The Phone More Responsive & To Resolve The Hanging Issues(If Any), Though i am Not Having Any Issues.
(3)Listen Through the In-Ears OR Earphones Whenever Possible-->To Conserve The Battery Power. 
(4)Right now the the phone is operating under kit Kat 4.4, which is basically a 32 Bit operating system, This means the Snapdragon "MSM8916 410" processor which is 64 Bit processor, is not performing optimally on this phone, once the phone is upgraded to the "ANDROID LOLLIPOP", which is a 64 Bit operating system,The performance of this phone is expected to rise up to 20% to 30%. Which is a very very good thing by the price factor of this phone.  
This is all i have got to share with you right now. Will Try To Keep On Updating.   

 Getting straight to the point:
1) Major heating problem: As this is smart phone, every one must be expecting to use internet on it. After normal use of 15-20 minutes of internet or connection with laptop, it gets heat up much. After that its difficult to hold it to ear and talk with anyone. I complained for this to customer support. They measured the temperature of my device. It was going up to 41 degree. But as per the company's policy, up to 48 degree temperature of mobile, device is not heating up and working perfectly....!!!!!! Isn't this strange standard. In India maximum temperature in a city in summer might go to 45-46 degree, in which a human can not survive without support. But company is assuming it normal that one person can hold a device which is up to 48 degree hot and that is even normal..!!! As the company's standard is 48 degree, if your phone heats up below 48 no replacement from flipkart.!!!
2) Battery issue: It gets charged up to 15-20 % in an hour. So one need to charge it for 4-5 hours straight to fully charge it. Again complained about this, but as expected, it is normal from company's point of view. Now imagine, who gets 5 hour time in the morning to charge it fully before going to office.???
So I straight away and strongly recommend, NOT TO BUY THIS PHONE if you are a internet user.
I would love to give 0 star for this product. But that is not option given so 1 star. 

 I had order Lenovo 6000 plus on 5th may at sale but I got the faulty handset which not working properly and I am tried to tell to flipkart executive many times, but no one want to give any solution. I am having issue with this phone because 
 The phone touch does not work properly
 Camera working but due to the phone touch complaint I can’t take pictures and videos
 The panel of keys below the screen also have issues, that keys not working properly
 The call end button also have no response
 I had called many time to Customer care but to appropriate response. This is my worst experience on E-Shopping since last 3 years. 
 so i am suggesting to all guys please don't go on line shopping with flipkart. 

 First of all, let me thank Flipkart for on time delivery of this awesome product. 
Now, for all those haters, I have to say: 
1. Guys, are you serious, complaining about a phone with only 7.5 k and comparing it with the phones worth approx 20k.
2. I am using this one from last two days, and I must say, performance is rock solid. Its smooth, fast and great performer for daily users like me. Mind it, am not talking about hardcore gamers or people who need their smartphone stuck to their hands 24X7, coz I am not of them.
3. The feel on hands is very comfortable with its Matte back and its super light.
4. In this price range, you will get only one more phone (with almost same features), i.e, Yu Yuphoria. Now, it should not be too difficult to choose between Lenovo and Yu. 
Overall i want to say, if you want the best of everything then you will have to spend accordingly. I feel sorry for people who crib about everything just for the sake of it when they are willing to spend only 7.5 k. 
Guys, just go for it blindly if this is what your budget is, you cant get better than this.
And if you want better one, then don't hesitate to lighten your pockets. 

 It stopped working after just Three months. The phone is dead now. 
It may be hard luck and I may have got a bad piece.
But what is unacceptable is their service. It has been 15 Days since I took it to service and till now its not repaired.
So before you buy a Lenovo A6000 plus consider visiting their service center, You will see a lot of people with faulty A6000 plus there. 
I am giving this phone one star because there is no way to give ZERO star  

 Used this phone for a few days and this is what i experienced, hope it helps.
Pros.
1. Design - beautifully crafted, premium material hardware for 7.5K
2. Display- Crisp, sharp and highly responsive. great colour reprodution.
3. Connectivity- Absolutely no issues with regard to cellular network, GPS, Wi-fi etc.
4. Sound- Clear output, distortion free.
5. Camera- Superb Camera with superb results (for a phone under 8k and 8mp)
6. Gaming- Lag free due to 2gib ram.
Cons.
1. Both sims could have been 4G or at least the second sim as 3G.
2. Battery last a day with moderate use, but its too early to establish the truth since the phone a only a couple of days into use. Hopefully the battery should reach optimum output after a few more charging cycles. 
Recommendation.
1. We can never be happy with what we have and constantly strive to win this tech race. The point is to buy the right product and the right time and at the right price. i think at 7.5K, this phone is offering you feature worth every rupee. There in no end to research and tech growth. Buy this phone and don't look around for a year and disappointment wont set in. Good luck 

 ""U should have to clean the ram for battery and heating issue...""
LOLLIPOP update is awesome...just after update make a factory reset to resolve the whatsapp contacts issue..
very good specs...
rear camera -7/10
front camera- 8/10
vibe ui- 8/10 after lollipop 9/10
antutu benchmark score is 21098..
cons...
the icons of the vibe ui like cartoon characters..
otg not supported..
minimum ek headphone to dena chahie tha..
screen is sticky type...finger impression becomes visible 

 I Got this phone next day from order, im impressed by flipkart 
But disappointed from Lenovo, this is the 1st phone of my life which didn't come with handsfree. 
i should've read package content before ordering the product, thats why im giving 4 star 
EDIT 1 :- Facing heating issue in this phone 
EDIT 2 :- After 2 days using this phone, i must say that this phone have major heating problem, i used it 15 minutes regular use and its like im holding a heater in my hand 
Anyone facing the same problem like me? 
i wont recommend anyone to buy his phone 
please dont buy this phone 

 I purchased this phone and realized that it is heating up too much even if the phone is kept idle and battery was draining very fast. I have told to perform so many thing such as updating latest software, resetting the phone, but all in vein. Also, I visited lenovo service center and they suggested me to get the phone returned to Flipkart. I got it replaced with a new phone but still the same issue. Even I can say it was more than that. I got a message on the phone " WARNING! OVER BATTERY TEMPERATURE". 
I think there are few manufacturing defects in this model from the manufacturer itself. 

 I was using iPhone now wanted to switch to Andriod phone.....researched a lot and made a Lenovo as choice.....
Pros-
1.Fast Processing and Good storage, no lags
2.Good Front and rear camera, nice flash also.
3.Excellent Sound Quality earphone, speaker, Dobly feature is awesome.
4.Good battery backup. lasts for a day with moderate use
5.HD display is amazing.
6.Good Screen touch, not felt much difference with my earlier, shows smartphone market improved a lot.
7.No heat, not much heating compare to other phones
8.Lite weight phone.
9.Not Hanged till date with 20+ days of use. 
Cons-
1.Takes 2- 2.5 hours to charge completely which is huge, but its like the phone which charge fast heats up like anything even iphone was like.
2.Camera could be little more improved but with 7.5k its good. 
Less budget, good phone, worth investing than any 20k Phone, Must go for it if you looking for new smart phone.
Lenovo deserves these comments they made great phone under this price, they are going to rock the market if they go on delivering such quality products. 
Every phone has cons but it must be adjustable, this phone is better than any other phone in this price range, and such product comes very rare!!! 
Thumps up for this phone!!!!!!!!.... 
Avoid nuisance comments provided by some people!!! they are expecting Iphone6 quality in 7.5K, just avoid them.  

 I AM SO MUCH DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PHONE. IT HEATED SO HIGH WHEN I GO FOR CHARGING. FLIPKART SAID THE HEATING IS NORMAL. I AM FEELING LOOTED. I AM VERY SAD. FLIPKART IS SICK NOW 
PLEASE DON'T BUY
PLEASE 

 I bought Lenovo A6000 plus mobile from flipkart on 28-Apr-2015. Since then I am facing heating problem with the phone and charging is drastically decreasing. Even to charge to 100% also it is taking 6 to 8 hours. I did all the troubleshooting steps which flipkart's executive has told, still the issue remains. Also i cant see photos in my sd card through gallery app. I even formatted the sd card. Resetted the phone. In any way i am not able to succeed. 
Yesterday I again resetted the phone and did not installed SIM card and memory card, I put it as like I got the phone on first day from flipkart still the phone is heating and battery is decreasing exponentially.  
So I am suspecting this piece is a defective one accidentally. 

 WIth in 2 days of uses, touch behaving weird. I am pressing something else and it is typing something else. And I have put a phone lock and now I am not able to unlock it as a row of digits became un-responsive. I am not able to even factory rest or reboot phone (only option is to take out battery). But still cannot login due to dead tocuh. Also there was high heating issue. Please please dont buy this.
I have raised return request to flipkart on 15th aug. Lets see if they give better piece now else I will escalate this issue to highest level. Really disappointed with the phone.
Anyone knows how to give MINUS five rating? 

 I am not sure, where this went wrong but we are not expecting this either from Flipkart or its Subsidiary retailer WS Retail. 
I ordered lenovo A 6000 plus and guess what, all i got was BOX for A6000 Plus with A6000 (older version), inside. 
I was under assumption, Flipkart and its sellers are providing us with sealed items but under the light of above mentioned incident i am not longer able to have that trust. 
Just to clarify, flipkart has accepted the return request and the same is under processing as of the time of writing this review/complain. 
But the question remains,how can an older model be inside the newer box (accessories and manual included)?? 
Thanks,
Atul 

 The Lenovo A6000 Plus phone I purchased disappointed me. Last few days I observed the phone is turning off (swith off mode) by itself while on standby around 8PM and the same technical fault was observed by me last three days more or less at the same time continuously. The power on operatioon thereafter is not happening with the power on button. I am forced to remove the battery and place it back and then the power on button responds. This is a serious technical fault and I find no use when the phone goes to a dead mode (switch off mode) while on standby as the user will be unaware of the status of the phone and might even end up missing important calls. Rest of the features and performance is good. Battery is taking a little longer to recharge but I suppose it might improve after a number of recharge cycles. 

 Warning:- Don't Update the new software as it is heating up the device too much and draining the battery too fast!! 
if u update then you need to reset the device(all data lost) to get the device as it was earlier.
some media server is taking too much battery if you update the new software . 
However here is the review  
I Got The Smartphone Today and Flipkart Delivery is Just Awesome!! 
The phone has great list of features at this price point because of which other brands had to cut the price of there smartphone probably , to name some Moto G 2 , Huawei Honor Holly etc. 
After 12 hrs of my usage here is the review !! 
RAM 2 GB is adding great value to the phone
16 GB internal is also an added edge over others
Camera Is Best under this price point
Dolby Speakers are treat to ear 
No Earpiece with This A600 Plus ( A6000 Was Having One)
You get a screen guard with this
Light Weight  
Battery backup has given good response with 10 hrs of backup with 30 % charging still left
Touch And HD Display Is Also Good 
After Comparing it with Moto G 2 , 
In every aspect Lenovo A6000 Plus Is a Winner 
(Battery is awesome giving backup of 1.5 days) 

 After the lollipop update this phone turend out to be soo fast and the camera clearity increased by 200% i bet you cant get a good phone with good coustomer service in this price. i am ordering 2 more for other peoples in my family at fist i thought that ii wasted my money over lenovo then i realied that i have the product in my hand after lollipop update this phone turned out to be insane loving it. i will recommend it to a freind because this phone turned out to be awsome now......... 

 Good specification. But did anyone notice any hanging issue like application stuck for a second during use? I am facing this issue every time. Example if i want to scroll the contact it is freezing for a moment periodically. i don't know whether my handset is defective or it is a common problem for all a6000 plus. 

 It's like you have a portable heater in your pocket.
But it heats up just by listening to music for 2 hours. 
Performance ,Graphics are good .
but the battery is inefficient. 
Pity, Flipkart doesn't consider it as a defect .they will just waste your time and wont do anything.
So don't waste your money.  

 i brought this phone during the big billion days..although this phone really boasts about its nice specs, the actual usage shows that the phone is not worth.
it gets hot even for a small usage,
the battery, drains down to 23 % from 100%, within 2 hours even after keeping the phone in flight mode.
overall i am very much unsatisfied with this product. 

 Pros:
Works without lag,Slim design,Less weight,no heating issues 
Fix for heating and battery draining issues: 
It happen due to mediaserver (see apps->manage applications->all apps)
click mediaserver and disable it (Its for show pics and videos in memory card in an gallary) then download "Quickpic" app(It shows pics and videos even mediaserver disable it) instead of gallary app 
If you want shows pic and videos in stock gallery go to disabled app in an manage applications then reenable it and restart (NEVER clear cache in an mediaserver) 
Heating and battery draining happens only when you use memory cards
Try remove memory card and use mobile one day then you will see the difference 

 I didn't get this in the flash sale.
Flipkart gave me a priority pass as im an extreme shopper on their website. 
i bought this as a secondary device to my zenfone 5 and wanted to shift to this due to these reasons
>the battery backup on Z5 sucks big time.This having a slightly better capacity battery of 2300 mah and a snapdragon cpu which is power efficient should definitely be good.
>the speaker or zenfone 5 is so low ,this device powered by dual speakers and dolby enhanced must definitely be better. 
coming to the phone,
Yeah....its INR7499.
trust me its the best at that price point.
I personally hate the lenovo vibe UI though.Its very messy-no app drawer,everything comes on the home.I changed the launcher.But still the icons are shitty too.
there's no earphones in the box but you do get a screen guard.
performance is smooth. 
the main pro-the battery backup is amazing.....you can easily get around 36-48 hours on moderate usage and around 20 hours on heavy usage with over 5 hours ov screen on time.
the speakers are phenomenal and its a treat to the ears.Use some premium earphones.
iv a jbl 101A and the music through dolby enhancement is top notch.Further u feel like you are in PVR IMAX if u watch any 5.1 channel hd movie. 
now the cons
>no notification LED.As i was previously a user of a moto E,G and a zenfone ....i miss this feature.Lenovo shouldn't have overlooked this as this feature wouldn't have costed them a big deal.
>no usb otg support
>no backlit keys
>no gorilla glass
>service centres of lenovo aren't quite good. 
finally,
u can go for it if you're tight on budget(i bought this as a secondary device to my zenfone 5),else go for motorola phones.They're better than this. 

 1.Fast Processing and Good storage, no lags
2.Good Front and rear camera, nice flash also.
3.Excellent Sound Quality earphone, speaker, Dobly feature is awesome.
4.Good battery backup. lasts for a day with moderate use
5.HD display is amazing.
6.Good Screen touch, not felt much difference with my earlier, shows smartphone market improved a lot.
7.No heat, not much heating compare to other phones
8.Lite weight phone.
9: But not provide handfree   

 A6000 phone is switching off suddenly. Battery has some issues and side button does not work. Need to remove the battery and place again to make it on. 
Returned and got new piece that also has the same issue.  

 Before buying this device I did a huge research on budget smartphones , selected 4 smartphones and revaluate all prose and cons .
1.Asus Zenfone 5
2.Lenovo A6000
3.Redmi 2
4.Android One [spice]
------------------------------------------------------------
1.asus zf5 has heating issues [may be all device has] but it has best camera allthough worst battery 
2.Lenovo A6000 decent camera [best color reproduction] and as the previous model has 1GB ram [it may have issues with ram management]
3.Redmi 2 , previous version which was redmi 1S has best camera & redmi 2 also have a good camera but it click over exposed pictures[best detailed captures] but nor colors, Doesn't have feature "App2SD",heating issues,etc.
4.Android One [spice] all android one devices are for first time android buyers that what I belive
[google it about its cons] it has cons higher then pros.
Then a new model came known as A6000 Plus & it comes with 2GB Ram & 16GB Rom and all the goodness of its previous model, so ended with it.
Now about the phone:
Excelent Phone no heating issues what so ever , no lag, Super Display, out of 2GB Ram you will get 1.45GB available and out of 16GB Rom user available is 11.35GB which is great, One can install apps , games directly from SD card , call quality is excelent , no call drops, Beyond Excelent Battery if you dont do any thing from 100% even after 1hrs 25mints it will be 100%. 
It has some hidden features which I just explored and found that is " Time Lapse video Recording" similar to motos "SloMo".
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Now about Flipkart:
Really Really Thankyou Flipkart for your Aswome Service , I Registered it on 17/04/2015 Ordered in on 28th may & its mention it will be delever it on 6th may but Flipkart Delevered it on 2nd may, thats why I am doind shopping with Flipkart from past 2years.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
About Package Contains : Lenovo A6000 Plus
Handset,usb data cable,charger,screen protector.[headphone is not included (mic)]
[for headphone(mic) I recomend 
JBL T100A Headset or Skullcandy S2IKDY-010 Ink'd Headset 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Note : After purchasing I checked it on lenovo india website for Warrenty by pasting the model no or IEMI no. provided my flipkart invoice and found it has companys warrenty for 1 year so no need to register your device. which is hassel free. Lollypop Update for this device will be on 2nd Quater of 2015. Link is here Check it for warrenty : 
http://support.lenovo.com/in/hi/warrantylookup
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Conclusion : I really feel happy for my buying decision for Lenovo A6000 Plus
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

 this is not a good product i have buy with our two other friends but is not a good product network connectivity, heating , and hanging is major problem. when i m facing these problem than than complain with flipkart they no any assist me if your mobile is not working good than what you do no connectivity. Before buy they asked FREE & EASY
RETURNS after buy they not agree with this.  

 Please avoid this phone, just for the above mentioned reason. It turns off automatically at random intervals and there is no solution to it. I have tried everything that's possible, but sadly no use. Looks like Lenovo doesn't care and so does Flipkart, (they cancelled my return by providing some technical troubleshooting steps which made no difference) 
Note: There's an ongoing thread on Lenovo support with many other customers facing the same issue. 

 Has been using this phone (Lenovo A 6000+) for 7-8 days now.  
The only usage that this phone gets is Skype video call over 3G network for max of an HR a day....  
Yes!!! that less usage per day. 
And still it doesn't meet even the lowest of standards of a phone in it's range. 
1. Heats up instantly.
2. Battery drains at a phenomenal pace.
3. High charging time
4. Battery drains even when idle for 20 HRs a day after a full charge 
Not at all functioning as per the specs defined 
As per other reviews, even exchanging doesn't help as the product itself is not up to the mark. 
Flipkart, stop branding sub-par products as 'Flipkart Advantage' without doing proper due diligence first. 
Lenovo: for god's sake.... stop cheating people and damage your own brand name 
VERDICT: Buy something else in same range, but not this product. 

 Mobile was over heating and battery drains faster. backup is not more than 2 hours.
Except these rest all good.  

 the pre-installed security app could not be removed and it will charge you for virus definition update..how could lenovo do this thing to there customer.?first we buy from u then again we have to pay for your app which is not good..you are cheating us..and there are good free antivirus in market..why should i pay for your crap..and it can't be uninstalled also..so once you buy a lenovo phone you are in their hand to pay for the anti virus software continuously..
More..
camera is average(front camera is good,back camera is bad,bad)...touch feeling is not soft(not as good as redmi 2)..UI is o.k(MIUI is much better)..hardware performance is good(better than redmi 2)..i would give it 4 star..but again i have to spend money and continuously..?i will never buy a lenovo product..
More..
humm..battery is another problem..it drains fast when you use internet or play games or any other works..it also generate much heat..at the time of charging also..charging time is much slower..but in my case stand by time is sufficient..all i do is to clear the ram,also turned off internet or location and then make it stand by....
More..
game playing is smooth..no lagging..even big games run smooth..sound quality is o.k..
More..
A big security concern..eset mobile security after full scan is alerting two system file from lenovo(not from google i think) as threat..some kind of malware variant and as it is included in system file,it can not be removed yet by eset..lenovo's own security showing nothing..what is going on lenovo..? 

 I was using Xiomi Redmi 1s and was very happy with it. The only issue I had was that the battery backup was bad for Redmi 1s. I have been using this for 1 week now and would like to tell you guys that Its the best choice I made. The battery backup for this phone is just amazing, not to forget the 2GB RAM makes the phone super fast. You would love it if you like light weight phones. I feel happy when I return home and I dont have to put my phone on charging as it still has juice left. Also it gives you the option to move apps to SD card, so that is great. Overall if you have a budget for 7-8K, go for this phone without any second thoughts. 
Note : Lenovo has promised Lollypop update on this, so it only gets better from here.  

 I was disappointed with this phone. The audio is very low while speaking. I raised a ticket to flipkart and they closed my ticket saying the issue is resolved.  
The phone doesn't meet the basic need of a phone (low volume on call). Please don't buy this phone. 

 Pros:
 A good phone for the price of 7K.
 2 GB RAM
 16 GB Internal Memory 
Cons:
 NO EAR PHONES. Really disappointed with that
 No Corning Gorilla Glass (Same price Yu Yureka has it) 
 Camera is 8/2 MP (YuYureka is 13/5 MP)
 Screen is 1280X720 (Yu Yureka is 2040X1280)  

 Amazing speed. Nice phone with great features. Only the problem is it's battery which is not sufficient for a day's usage. Bit disappointing one. Other than this, every thing is fine and fantastic. 

 Very strange!! the mobile shuts down on its own and does not start. I have to remove the battery and re-fix and then the phone works perfectly well. Do anyone experience this kind of a problem? what is the solution? 

 battery dranker fully.battery back up is only 3 hours if u are using only some phone used.
no body write here for the battery dringking  

 got the product delivered on 10-may-2015. charged for whole 24hrs, but when turned on @11Am on 11-may-2015 battery=100% @12noon 11-may-2015 battery drops down to 85%. 
Note: During that time (11-12) no sim card inserted, nothing has been done.  
By 02:40AM 12-May-2015 (i.e total 15hrs of uptime) battery drops to 35% (operations performed - changed theme,connected to wi-fi for 10-15 min max). 
Did any one else face this issue? 

 all the time phone is heated, no stand by, no talk time in this phone. tooks 10 hours to charge ,charge at very slow rate, but battery consumes at faster rate even not in use . phone looks features are good but phone heating problem and battery issue makes it too bad option to Buy .  

 first of all Guys its an awesome phone ..a must buy... 
problems faced by users and their solution:-
1) camera not so clear 
solution -..just set the sharpness level to level 0 ,exposure if needed to level 1( for front camera), touch AF to ON and last anti bandind to auto mode ...and feel a llthe difference in clearity:) 
2) music volume:- just go to Dolby app > music > turn all 3 settings to off mode the volume will be enhanced :) 
3)In my opinion the battery is working excellent ..but fir some users who are not satisfied disble and force stop all unnecessary apps or stock apps like google plus and all in settings ...and keep brightness to auto or low level whenever possible ..it will help our battery life :) 
performance 9/10
look 8.5/10
light weight phone
battery 8./10
display 9/10
speed 9/10
...
VERDICT:- Go for It ;) best buy for 7500:) 
THOSE who have this ...Install ZUI LOCKER from play store its awesome ;) 

 I was using iPhone now wanted to switch to Andriod phone.....researched a lot and made a Lenovo as choice.....
Pros-
1.Fast Processing and Good storage, no lags
2.Good Front and rear camera, nice flash also.
3.Excellent Sound Quality earphone, speaker, Dobly feature is awesome.
4.Good battery backup. lasts for a day with moderate use
5.HD display is amazing.
6.Good Screen touch, not felt much difference with my earlier, shows smartphone market improved a lot.
7.No heat, not much heating compare to other phones
8.Lite weight phone.
9.Not Hanged till date with 20 days of use. 

 Heating problem, slow battery charging and quick battery draining issues from the date of receipt of the phone. Contacted flipkart several times for replacement and they told that the seller has been disagreed for replacement. So they told me about the many consequences I have to undergo. It made me desperate and helpless. My phone frequently goes to 46 degree Celsius temperature. Its very ridiculous to deny best customer support to each customer who trusts you. I'm fed up with this inconvenience happened to me. Phone is good to see but can't use for more than 15 minutes/ a 3 minutes call/ a 2 minutes movie watching. It takes 6.5 hours to get fully charged and looses it within few hours even it is idle. 

 Guys Believe me it says 4g but when u use browser crashes not only for me what ever problems im saying now are even experienced by my friends it says 2gb ram but it stucks touch screen is very bad you will fail to unlock the phone in your first attempt, and the display is soo bad in quality you will get scratches on it easily with your nail ,,,this is the worst phone i have ever seen plz dnt buy try some other phone and company never ever buy lenovo phones ....and i'm rating this1 start so that every one can see my review ,,but i think flipkart will hide true reviews so they could bluff more people and cheat them.. 

 Good Phone from lenovo.
working well,No heat Issue.
battery back Up More Than 24 Hours(as i am average user) 
Only thing i am confused with this is
1. only on the box it is written Lenovo A 6000+
2. when i check device Information it shows A6000
3. same A 6000 is written on back Side(After Removing battery). 
So i am confuse is it actually A6000 Plus or A6000 
If Anybody shows Plz. Help.  

 Good: 
speed, storage, touch, less price, display, screen size, look. 
Flipkart delivererd in 16h. 
Bad: 
No earphones. 

 Compared it with xiaomi redmi 2, and moto e...
Nd aftr compairing it with these two phnes..lenovo A6000 plus is the winnr.. 

 An upgraded version of A6000.
Nothing changed from previous except storage and ram,
Feels very light, Awesome camera.
Great service by Flipkart delievered the product within 17 hours. 

 Pathetic product, Heating issues, loudspeaker sound is bad, Save your money.
once its heated, battery drains fast as hell! 
Camera n rest things are good. but can find better products in market 

 Lenovo 6000+ is jest a great phone & its never Lag &processing os Lightning Fast
I bought 2 phones one after One 

 Well I orderd this phone 28th May sale,
Surprised to see that it was delevered within 21 hour...:O 
Well it is a best phone for people who prefer mid range mobile,Pocket friendly,
Good battry backup & one of the best looking,Stylist,phones ofter Nexus 5 I must say. 
Get it friends,You wll not regret...!!!  

 good only but not much you should take charger in ur hands but in this budget it is good phone better u go to honor mobiles if u have 9000 

 Phone specs say:
The Lenovo A6000 Plus comes with a 12.7 cm (5) HD display for viewing photos, browsing websites or playing games. This smartphone uses an IPS technology to deliver ultra-wide 178 degree viewing angles that are great for watching videos in large groups. 
Dolby Digital Plus audio technology. 
8 MP rear camera that clicks great pictures. 
Practically:
Average screen, not very good viewing angles, colours get darker when phone is tilted a bit. 
Speakers installed on the phone suck, they are hardly audible and sound very cheap. You hardly hear the incoming call tone even after volume is maxed. 
Camera though they say is 8 MP but pics taken in any setting are noisy and blurry. Disappointed hugely with the camera. 
Far more superior features on the paper, very cheap product and quality. I feel like I should not have bought this phone. 

 Mobile is getting heated up very quickly and quality of Camera is bad
they are not providing the headset.   

 ///////////////// IMPORTANT /////////// 
is anybody else facing problem while connecting headphones to a6000+. when i connect hands free i hear miffed sound the sound quality is not clear.I tried various other headphone but to no use. please tell if any body is facing the same problem  

 I was eager to get my hands on this phone as soon as my previous phone Nexus 5 developed network issue (just days after warranty was over). So I registered for sale, got one in my cart and got it delivered today. 
To my disappointment, the primary function of phone (call, in case you thought it would be whatsapp chat or facebook) is pathetic. I get full network bars and call quality is perfectly fine with the other phone I am using here. So, I tried hands free, factory reset, a headset (none included with this phone though) - result is same. I can hardly hear other person, though they can hear me well. The voice is not just low but really breaks, like of which happens when the speaker is damaged or when network strength is low. Its not just with phone calls i made but also with phone calls i received. 
I am very much hoping that the problem is just with the piece and not in general. Requested for replacement on Flipkart, will check with new piece and update here. 
Apart from this,
Good:
- Screen size is fine
- Camera seems okay 
Poor:
The phone takes long time to boot.
Display touch feels very grainy. 
I haven't used phone more than few minutes, so can not comment more. Keeping it unused for replacement. 
Anyone else facing similar issue? 

 didnt expect it from flipkart got my phone from flipkart its just overheated and hanged. and also no battary backup request to replace but didnt replace my phone worst customer response service.. 

 this phone switch off automatically, there is problem in regarding light of back switc and phone is having in speaker and during call voice is not clear 

 1.Front cam is better than back camera!!I
t is surprising but it is true in my case.
2.If u use more apps, Battery does not last longer.
Less battery backup.
3.But internal memory 
is vast.
4.Nice flashlight.
5.Pre installed apps are good.
6.IT IS A GOOD PHONE OVERALL.IT IS THE BEST PHONE IF U COMPARE PARALLELY WITH OTHER PHONES OF THIS PRICE RANGE.
THIS PHONE HAS GETS MORE POINTS BECAUSE OF THE 2GB RAM,VAST INTERNAL STORAGE: 
I RECOMMEND THIS PHONE TO BUY WITH 7.5K 

 At first I Would say Thank You Lenovo for giving this great phone in this range. 
I can Bet nobody gives you this Configuration in this Price.  
♥ This Phone's Camera is Showing its Awesomeness. Great Camera I have ever seen. 
♥ I can play Asphalt 8 , Dead triger 2, Mortal Kombat 5, Fifa 15, GTA 4 at a same time..NO Lagging Issue. 
♥ Awesome Display Quality With 5 Point Multi-Touch. 
♥ It gives me At least 1.5 Days Battery Back up with Heavy Usage.  
♥ This phone have Volume Boost Option, When you are in call you can Boost your Calling Volume and you can hear Clear Sound of your Caller in Noisy area. (This is one of My Favorite Option)  
Don't believe fake Reviews. This is Awesome. I have No Problem in My Lenovo A6000 plus. Plz Register and BUY 

 I don't know if I have received a defected piece or there is a problem with all the pieces. 
Primary issue:  
The battery is pathetic, even if the mobile has been charged completely it will not last more than three to four hours that too when barely a few calls were made and a game was played for 15 minutes.  
I kept the mobile on sleep mode despite of it the battery keeps draining.  
This mobile is only suitable for those who work from home.  
Anyone who is a business professional, student, or a person who has to travel a lot shouldn't consider buying this phone.  
Secondary issues 
Camera:  
Camera quality is poor, the images you take from the front cam are not good. Especially when the images are taken with flash mode on.  
Front camera is relatively better.  
Mobile body:  
Again i don't know if it I got a defected piece or every piece is the same but sometimes when the mobile is switched off and you try to start it by pushing the power button it doesn't start. You have to open the back cover pull the battery and then place it again in order for the mobile to start.  
This is something of a serious issue.  
The review has been written after using the mobile for three days anyone planning to purchase this mobile should think twice.  
I have ordered products worth more than 40k from Flipkart but this time I am a bit disappointed by the product.  
Service from Flipkart was good but Flipkart should ensure that products delivered by there platform is fulfilling customer expectations.  
The main purpose of a mobile is to make and receive calls and this mobile is good at it only when you are at home. As soon as you leave your home you won't be able make or receive calls because your battery will be dead.  
Consider my advice "Don't Buy"   

 I would recommend "not to buy this stuff" due to following reasons:
1. Heating is a very huge issue while charging and talking both.
2. There is no Dolby digital effect unless you use some good company's ear phone. In fact it's sound quality is as good as normal phone. And it has a sound problem in handset while talking.
3. The most important is net connectivity. I am using Airtel 3G for the internet but it is too slow to browse a single page. I couldn't mind if it is 2G connection. 
4. It's battery suddenly drains out and take time to charge it again. I don't think 2300 mAh battery should have this type of problem.
5.It's touch is not working properly. In fact despite several attempt pattern key took time to unlock the phone. And not working very smoothly.
6. Not to buy, save your precious money. 
p.s. :- I bought this phone on 2nd.June.2015 in flash sale. And in view of above point i am returning back. 

 Hello All, 
I have bought Lenovo A6000 plus from Flipkart some 15 days back. Returned the product within 5 days due to batter issue and very high level of heating of the phone. 
I got replacement of the phone - still same issue. So the culprit was not the battery and I started looking for solution. 
The issue was with the SD Card (I used 32GB SD Card as is form my older android phone running on v4.2) To try 
1. I backed the data on SD card, erased the data completely while the card was in new phone (Lenovo A6000 plus).
2. un-mount the SD card.
3. Shutdown the phone.
4. Remove the SD Card from it's slot.
5. Start phone without SD Card.
6. Keep phone running for around 2-3 minutes.
7. Shutdown the phone.
8. Insert the SD card which was erased and un-mounted into SD card slot and start the phone.
9. Start using the phone for around 10-15 mins.
10. Now do one last shutdown and start of the phone.  
This procedure has helped me resolve the high batter consumption issue as well as excessive heating issue of the phone.  
Hope this will help others to get similar issues resolved.
After this the phone runs very smoothly and of course as suggested by others here try to disable/uninstall unnecessary softwares that comes pre-loaded. this will help in making phone even better in terms of responsiveness and increased internal storage will be added benefit. 
Thanks,
Swapnil 

 in this product earphones they haven't provided. before gifting pls think once.
so embarrassing NO EARPHONES!!!!! 

 Apparently flipkart is not ready to take any responsibility on there electronic products. Unless its a hardware damage issue. 
If its an heating issue or hanging issue flipkart will not take any responsible, neither will replace or repair even if its within 30 days. 

 all specification are very attractive .
but i face problm in touch screen i press keyboard key down left corner which is not easily press. 

 Hi people, 
With in two days of the product purchase I faced Hang problem and when I started calling flipkart for the return , they said that the product is on Replacement and it cannot be returned . The phone can be replaced but only if flipkart decides it has a Touch and function problem. It has been a week now I have been getting calls to troubleshoot only. Flipkart is neither Replacing nor receiving back the faulty product.  
Shameless customer service !! I would not recommend this product to anyone. 

 light weight
shape is lovely
quality of product is nice
screen is OK
battery backup is nice
no hanging with games or with apps 

 Dear all I have purchase one for me and 3 for my sister's. So in total 4. I never face any sort of issue with this handset and after Getting Lolipop update it makes me very happy. Go for it, don't fall in trap and don't compare with a phone worth 10k or above. Go for it. Believe me its just amazing phone at 7.5k. For any more question you can contact Flipkart customer service. They are very good and co-operative. 

 Brought this phone after careful comparision it outruns the top company phones in features but comes with decent budget. using it since month, I got LOLLIPOP update in the august end and the performance is excellent than kitkat. Software is stable and no lags. Tried some top end games with good performance. Battery backup is excellent but takes a bit time to recharge. no draining of battery during non use. camera quality is good. Sound quality is very good in earphones ( i bought hp headphones for this) 

 Phone is getting heated soon.After attending a call for a minute also it gets heated.Hanging after installing 20 apps in 2hrs..Not satisfied with the piece..Only advantage is lightweight. 

 The device works great in every aspects but as we all know No Phone Is Perfect...Here are some Cons and Pros after 3days usage..
PROS:-
1:- Display Quality Is Awesome with great touch response 
2:- No Lagging or Heating( Very very Less )
3:- Apps can be moved to the SD card
4:- VIBE UI To some extent it is great but Stock android would have been better
5:- Lollipop update coming in Q2 This Year
CONS:-
1:- No Display Protection
2:- Screen guard provided is finger Print magnet
3:- No Earphones
4:- No OTG 
5:- Camera is just pathetic not looking like a 8MP much much worse than Redmi 2   

 A6000 phone sitched off suddenly
A6000 phone is switching off suddenly. Battery has some issues and side button does not work. Need to remove the battery and place again to make it on. 
Returned and got new piece that also has the same issue. 

 I just bought Lenovo A6000 plus few days back, and it got delivered on last day, though the phone seem good for money in terms of design and other features, i am very much disappointed with the performance. First of all I was trying to register on first use and it was not working properly, the phone is taking too much time to charge to 100 percent, and the phone is getting switched off every now and then. In the last 24 hours, the phone was switched off for 5 times without any warning or anything, and everytime we have to remove the battery and put it ON to switch on the phone. It is really annoying. I am planning to exchange the phone through Flipkart, while I was searching over google i found out there are many pieces with the same issues. So be careful while buying this phone. I am really disappointed. 

 In my opinion, after using almost a month, every thing in this phone is good except with battery backup.  
I have also purchased Lenovo A7000 for my cousin brother, I figured it out that battery of Lenovo A7000 is much better than A6000 plus.  
My heart goes down, when I came to know about the special offer price of Rs. 500/- flat off on A6000 by Flipkart.com and with enhanced offer by SBI a 10% flat discount which makes the phone at unbelievable price of Rs. 6300/-.  
Now, I have again ordered this for my wife and referred to one of my friend, who also purchased it.  
Overall, about phone, decent sound, touch is OK but 7000 is have better than this.  
Main, feature it has is its inbuilt Antivirus provided by the Lenovo, it is very good options for user security. Providing anti theft facility additional benefit. Which is absent in Lenovo A7000.  
Local languages are also provided inbuilt in Lenovo A6000plus but absent in Lenovo A7000.  
If we talk about power using, then its battery will die in 3-4 hours, thats it.  
We are thinking of 4G, but we all know, 3G and wifi sucks the battery very fast, so think what will happen if we use the internet on 4G, I think it will die in 2 hours at the max.  
I think, company should take care about battery issue.  
The screen guard provided with the handset is very cheap quality. The charger and data cable are of good quality.  
I have to spend another Rs. 300/- for its protection of touch screen by applying glass and rubber back cover from local as it was not available online at that time.  
Headset are not included in the box, one has to purchase it own. I had purchased two times, but does not satisfied with the quality. Company should provide the good quality headset along with mobile like the Samsung company do. The headset of Samsung company is awesome.  
Rest, I understand now is that Lenovo gives a new offer to the market every after one month.  
It keeps surprising.  
But, I think, they should give the user a complete bundle of package like, Headset Protection Glass Back Cover and a good battery backup.  
Then it will be world's best company in this price range. 

 Happiness is when you get phone worth 7499 in 6299,Thanks Flipkart for app sale day. 
-Phone weight is very light
-The vibe UI gives you the feel better screen appearance than other 5" phones
-The dolby digital system is great,if you have better headphone(philips she 1360 is good budget headphone mrp 160 to go with this phone)
-Best part is 2gb ram and 16gb intenal memory(12 gb usable)
-Rear camera s 8mp,searched net for some settings to maximize use of this camera,didn't find any,if please some one should post it  
Two important advice 
-Make sure to uninstall apps before use,if not the become system app and you will not be able to uninstall them later
-Formatting micro sd card is essential to avoid heating problem!!! Thanks for reviews  
Not mentioned in description
The airtel 4g card given can only work if you have already an airtel connection  

 1.packing was very nice with triple protection...
2.delivery was on time.
3.the back colour(red) of phone really gives very different look.
4.its a budget phone with twin audio (dolby).
5.vedio quality is fantastic.
6.bright colour screen with smooth touch. 
the only things which lacks is-
1. no headphone with this mobile.
2. old kitkat version  
bt if u can ignore this, then overall phone is fantastic.
flipkart proved 'ab har wish hogi puri'.. 

 this phone has many issues
the phone looks perfect with its many features. but buyers forget one thing that is too many features = too many applications = too many processing that means the processor is running all time , and the phone has a antivirus called "NQ mobile security" which is running all time and draining battery, as we do not have the root permission we can not remove it. There are many application like this, this is harmful for processor and the battery.
As a result with in 2 MONTHS my phone operating weird like, doing operations itself, discharging fast.
don't know why the phone companies are giving so much applications knowing that they can harm the phone battery and the processor like they are running all the time. Is this a some kind of promotion !!! 

 Pros: Sensitivity ok.
Speed Ok
Mild heat with usuage of data and games 
Cons: No head phones
Back panel looks cheap plastic. 
Does not lock easily.. Has to press carefully to lock it completely 

 I've used the lenovo a6000 plus for 2 weeks,and i must admit the fact that its a wonderful phone worth every penny
After 2 weeks usage what i felt: 
Pros:Design,Ram and storage 
Cons:rear camera average,no back light,no led indicator 

 Hi Frnds..
Don't Go for the Specification of that phone they make every people fool.
be in real every one knows if Company has no profit then he will not sell any phone.
This Phone has Below issues:
*Low Hardware Quality and Poor Software.
*rear camera:2 MP nokia Camera quality is better than 8MP of this phone Camera.
*the body below the battery is attaching with paper if u push then it will be broken down easily.
*Sould quality is not good ...calling sound is not audible.
*UI of Phone is looking like small child drawing something on screen.
*charging time is very long 3hrs.(10%-90%). while using this heats like a HEATER.
*No OTG Support. 
*it stucks if user scrolling contacts or scroll some page.
Network support:
sim1 Supports 3G,4G 
sim2 Supports only 2G. 
MY Suggestion: 
Please do not buy This Phone.(if u buy at most it will Work 5-6 Month). 
if you want a phone for long time with less budget then best IS MotoE (2nd GEN).
Add another 500 rs and Get the Lolypop OS and comparing to this phone that is 100% better Phone. 
IMP: 
if you wrongly order this item you can not return/exchange this product. 
you have only option for replacement which flip kart makes every people FOOL. 
Flip Kart Make me FOOL and FORCE Me to Stay ON this Cheap Product.     

 Lenovo a6000 had two main problems: Ram management and fast battery drainage, Well lenovo a6000 plus has resolved both these problems. 
Review: 
Display: (8/10)
- Display is very smooth and vibrant.
- Very light weight.
- Vibe UI has no application tray hence all the apps reside in the home screen itself. However if you don't like this you can always change it with the 'google launcher' app. 
Performance: (9/10)
- No lags thanks to 2 gb ram, I have like 12+ application installed still no drop in performance.
- No lags even while playing high end games, However warms up a little.
- In-built storage is also very good (available 11.2gb /16gb) 
Camera:
- Front camera is good (8/10)
- Rear camera is very bad (4/10) 
Sound: (10/10)
- Sound is excellent, I think one of the best features of this phone.
- Use the 'dolby app' when you are using your mobile earphones. If not, switch off the 'dolby app'. 
Battery: (8/10)
- Battery Backup is also very good, Will easily run more than a day on average usage.
- Battery takes around 3 hrs to charge. 
Note:
1) No back-lit buttons.
2) No LED notification.
3) No OTG support.
4) No scratch resistant glass. (Gorilla Glass, Dragontrail etc.)
5) No head phone available in the set, however the one which they gave with lenovo a6000 was very cheap, so that's not an issue.
6) Currently runs on 4.4 kitkat. Will get lolipop update by june. 
Overall its a great buy for the price. I recommend every one to buy this phone whose budget is less than 12K, you won't be disappointed. 

 Firstly,If we see at this price the phone attracts our eyes towards itself.At this price the features are amazing.It is v.good in everything. Gaming with 2 gb ram and hd 5.5 screen is fabulous.
NETWORK Technology--- GSM / HSPA / LTE
BODY Dimensions--- 141 x 70 x 8.2 mm (5.55 x 2.76 x 0.32 in)
Weight--- 128 g (4.52 oz)
SIM Dual SIM (Micro-SIM, dual stand-by)
DISPLAY Type IPS capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors
Size 5.0 inches (~69.8% screen-to-body ratio)
Resolution 720 x 1280 pixels (~294 ppi pixel density)
Multitouch Yes
 - Lenovo Vibe 2.0
PLATFORM--- OS Android OS, v4.4.4 (KitKat)
Chipset--- Qualcomm MSM8916 Snapdragon 410
CPU Quad-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A53
GPU Adreno 306
MEMORY--- Card slot micro SD, up to 32 GB
Internal 16 GB, 2 GB RAM
CAMERA Primary 8 MP, 3264 x 2448 pixels, autofocus, LED flash
Features Geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection
Video Yes
Secondary 2 MP
SOUND Alert types Vibration; MP3, WAV ringtones
Loudspeaker Yes, with stereo speakers
3.5mm jack Yes
 - Dolby Digital Plus
COMMS WLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot
Bluetooth v4.0, A2DP
GPS Yes, with A-GPS
Radio FM radio
USB microUSB v2.0
FEATURES Sensors Accelerometer, proximity
Messaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Mail, IM
Browser HTML5
Java No
 - Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic
- MP4/H.264 player
- MP3/WAV/eAAC+/FLAC player
- Photo/video editor
- Document viewer
BATTERY Li-Po 2300 mAh battery OVERALL,IF WE $EE @T THI$ PRICE THIS SMARTPHONE BANGS OUT!! 

 it works fine...nice phone in handsome amount. battery is ok. camera is superb....and comfortable to you...in simple words the best phone in its range,......................... 

 Hi, 
This is regarding the phone Lenovo A6000 plus which I bought from flipkart on 21nd July 2015. From the first day itself I got problem with touch screen and the speakers as well. I have already spoken to flipkart technical support team and they asked me to follow trouble shooting steps. After doing all still I am getting problem with touch screen and speakers. Technical department saying we cannot do anything, you need to take that phone to Lenovo customer service center. At the moment where I am living there are no Lenovo service centers. 
As I am eligible for a replacement why they are asking me take this faulty phone to Lenovo service center. 
In this issue I am not at all satisfied with flipkart. With this ridiculous customer service from flipkart I am decided not to buy any products from flipkart. 
After 20days i received replacement phone Lenovo A6000 Plus from Flipkart long arguments with customer service. I am getting the same problem with touch screen and speakers. I don't know why flipkart is selling faulty phones.  
Please DON'T buy Lenovo A6000 Plus.  
Pros: Design, Less weight,Specs
Cons: Speakers, Touch Screen, Camera, battery heating.  

 i am puchaged Lenovo A6000+ on Aug-2015 through Flipkart,this phone mic complaint and overheat complaint so given to servcing center in vizag,(sri sai technologies) servicing center on 31/08/2015 at 01.45pm but today also not rectified,i am contact to company technical servicing persons (180030007678) through mail and contacted through phone,and i am also contacted to state servicing head Jagadeesh N(+919396677737) he is also not responding properly,daily contacted to vizag servicing center +9192907307678 & 08913263777,there is very worst responce,they tells that spare part not came call me after 3-days any time call to them this answer repeated 
note: is this waste mobile company?ignore to me if any lenovo authorized person see this message,
i am preferred to friends and colleagues don't purchage Lenovo A6000+ mobiles
 mobile complaint ravatam natural but bad servicing profile vunna mobiles use cheyalem kada,i am preferred to many my friends this mobile,but now i am told them apolozy  

 I like this phone. very good phone under 7.5k. But Bluedart courier very pathetic 

 Delivered within one day with decent price....Mobile is slim with 2GB RAM , 16GB ROM very good....Now upgraded to Android 5.0 Lollipop...is working fine 

 Got my phone on 3rd nov 2015.excellent delivery from flipkart.. This phone is not that amazing.. Ok agree price is less n specifications are good. But I am facing over heating problem on calls.. (No games played as yet) also there is a major issue with Call.voice is not clear at all on both the ends..distraction on fluctuating voice..i would recommend rather go for samsung or sony.. Lenovo is not the choice despite of specifications provided.. Camera quality is worst as compared to other phone of the same range.. Its a BIG NO to lenovo 

 No need to do R&D like an I phone for 7,500 /- , simply superb specs for this price ... Every rupee is worth-full unless u get a Defective piece :P...  
Pros...
Affordable price ( with all the specs required by a common user )
Light weight ( single hand operation )
Long battery life & looking bright @ 0 brightness ( even though 2300 mah )
Faster ( with 2 GB ram )
For 7.5k we can use it for 1 year or less & can go for another one @ that time ( which we cant do if u buy an apple or samsung for 50k ) 
Cons....
No Notification Light ( its mandatory Now a days )
Gorilla Screen ( so that we can use it roughly )
No head set ( even though Lenovo headsets r useless :P )
Build quality looks poor & sensitive if u observe with out back panel 
Anyway.. its a good buy for 7500 @ present... go for it asap.. otherwise another will come in a week with better specs and better price :P :P :P.....  

 Incoming calls volume is very poor compare with other mobiles. Other remaining features are good. volume feature is not attractive. 

 the phone looks so cool and configuration os also superb!!! but coming to the performance(hard ware) the phone is overheating and temp suddently rose to 57 degrees speakers(load) implies the dolby trade mark but output of the sound get quenchy..with these problems faced, i have sent back to flipkart to replace the other one hoping for the good piece 

 The phone heats up like a furnace and restarts due to excessive heat.
Please be careful as Flipkart did not replace the phone in spite of having these defects. 

 I am writing this review after using it for more than one month. This phone is a totally a value for money phone.the display of the phone is really great and it performs well in any situation whether playing a graphics intensive games or watching Full HD video. camera quality is not bad either but not best. Dolby speaker quality is very good and while on earphone the sound quality is just awesome. Battery backup is around 1.5 day on a normal usage.
But there are some problem like:-
it gets heated up , although not much while playing games , and in normal usage it doesn't heated up at all.
one more weird problem is that ...sometime it get stuck and nothing work for a few seconds .hope this will be fixed once it get lollipop update. 

 The phone is awesome.Price is too economical.No heating problem.4GB RAM making all the apps working in a smooth manner.Good spend of money. 

 Last week I ordered & delivered next day. Here are the pros & cons
PROS:
1) UI looks good.
2) Camera quality is nice.
3) Internal storage(16gb)
4) Screen touch is smooth.
5) Very light weight
6) Battery backup is good but no so great.
CONS:
1) Looks little small compare some other 5 inches phone.
2) Speaker is not so great.
3) Charging approximately taking 3 hours. 
Overall, this is very worth for your money & Thanks to flipkart delivering the item in the next day.  

 Using last one week. No lag either in touch screen or in processing speed. Screen is quite bright. Battery last for 12-16 hour. (two times charging required in a day with moderate usage of internet browsing, music and call) 

 -The mobile camera quality is very bad.
-The User interface is very bad.
-The built in quality is worst.
-After using it for 2 weeks it shows the charging issue,it stop charging after 40%.
-There is no ear phone with this mobile.
-Sometimes when you restart the mobile it shows no network,u have to change the network setting every time u restart the mobile.  

 I had been using this mobile since 25 days & my view is 
1) Mobile is very light in weight and pretty slim. Design is not poor but satisfactory.
2) Display is great: HD, 294 PPI, very nice indeed. Also the brightness is higher, making it easy to use in sun light.
3) Sound quality is superb. Best in class.
4) RAM, Storage, MSM8916 chipset and Adreno graphics are wow factors for this price range.
5) Rear camera is good but not the best, low light pictures are often blur. Front 2 MP camera is very good.
6) Battery lasts really long. Whole day on WiFi and 20% remaining.
7) Other good features are SD card support, 4G, VIBE interface and noise cancellation mic. 
Heating is there but I don't call it overheating because this kind of near 40 deg celcius is there in many mobiles, that's not a problem because mobile heats only during gaming and while charging. (like any other mobile) 
Gorilla glass cannot be compensated by a screen guard. The only slacking feature.
The non-back lit type touch buttons are rarely non-responsive. 
thanks! 

 This is my 2nd Lenovo. Thought I was disappointed with Lenovo service for my 1st phone of different model, I still took a risk and bought this one.
I do not have any complaints about this phone.
Its performance is good, Real Racing and Asphalt 8 run well with no lag, thanks to quad core CPU and 2 GB RAM. Doesn't heat up.
Camera OK. 
Two things they could improve upon - 
1. Battery with more capacity. Current one drains to roughly 50% after 2 hr of heavy usage. (some people may feel this is a problem , not me)
2. Vanilla/Stock Android would be better instead of Lenovo's own VIBE UI. 

 i used this mobile for two months initially the camera is good but later clarity become dull specially front camera otherwise this is super for this budget 

 Dear After 2 month my touch pad is not working proper so kindly be ready if you have purchased a phone because this phone have genetic problem of touch, as service center person also agree that this issue is regular after few month. 

 i have purchased lenovo a 6000 plus 15 - 20 days ago first it was working smoothly but after 15 days its touch screen is not working properly 

 First of all to all those spammers & fake reviewers writing about Heating issues, There is little heating which is definitely under control & it can never be considered as a drawback. 
I am writing this review after 1 Week of High Usage.Ordered this Product on 10th June & Received on 12th Early morning, so Flipkart delivery good as always ! Before talking about anything else, Let me tell you what kind of user I am becoz in the end you will prefer the phone which match your requirements not what any xyz reviewer says. Thats the approach to be followed always. 
So I am not a heavy gamer 1st of all. I do play games but not always. I listen to music, watch videos & the Most part of my mobile usage is Calling, SMS, Net Surfing, Chatting etc. 
Now come to the review things, I will rate most of the important aspects within 5. 
1) CAMERA (Primary 8 MP , Secondary 2 MP) :- In Camera section I would say it gives you a decent experience, pictures come out to be nice. However i would consider the Primary Camera as not good as expected. Though the size of images which it captures is above 2 MB, but whenever We try to zoom it on a Computer Screen the pixels get blurred after applying 3XZoom. However the color reproduction is nice & pictures are detailed. All this is about Daytime Images, while in Night it does decent job but in indoor condition with low lighting if we flash for clicking a pic at larger distance the Pics are VERY POOR 
Talking about Selfi Cam, some times it Feels It gives better experience than the primary one. The Secondary camera is a 2 MP shooter which does a nice job. 
Overall for Camera Section I will give : 3/5 for Primary & 4/5 for Secondary Cam. 
2) BATTERY : For many people, battery is very major aspect of mobile usage. The battery in device does an awesome Job. Talking about my experience when I am fully connected to internet using net based apps, a full 100% charge battery gave me a backup of 16+ Hrs. I WAS CONNECTED TO WIFI FOR THE WHOLE 16 HRS CONTINUOUSLY. Also I played games, listened to music, done calling. 
If we do normal calling say (10-12 Calls a day) + Music/ Videos (1 Hr) + Net Surfing/Chatting (2-3 Hrs) + Gaming (15 Min to 30 Min), then the battery is expected to give 15-17 Hrs of Backup. 
The Standby Time is surely above 20+ hrs, which include only Calling of few calls a day. Would give 4.5/5 for the Battery 
3) Sound Quality, Voice Call Quality, Ringtone Volumes : The Call quality for Voice calls are good. Also the speakers gave a very nice experience while playing games or listing music on speakers & making loud speaker calls. Also the Ringtone Volume is decent, not much Loud but its OK.
4/5 for this Section. 
4) Gaming : Though I am not gamer but still for testing I tried Asphalt 8, Mordern Combat 5, Real Cricket, Death Shooter 2, Hill Climbing, Temple Run, Subway Surf. I have to say all the games were running very smoothly on this device. Somewhere the 2GB RAM has huge impact in good gaming exp on this Phone. However Playing games produced a little heat up near the camera (little not too heavy) & also battery drainage is high when we play heavy games. 
Will give 3.5/5 for this Section. 
5) Processing, Touch & Internet Apps Usage : It comes with Chrome & UCB pre-installed. The internet surfing on this device is excellent. Pinch to Zoom feature works absolutely fine and websites load quite fast. Also the chatting using skype, messanger,whatsapp run very smooth. The touch is indeed very responsive & all apps run smooth. Even tried whatsapp,skype & messanger Voice Calls, all ran perfect on this Device. 
Will give 4/5 in this section. 
6) Looks,Design,Build Quality : This looks a pretty premium phone with very minimum rounded edges. The build quality is great and it supports 5 point multi touch. The only drawback in this section is the absence of Backlid menu buttons & LED Notification light. 
Will give 3.5/5 in this Section. 
7) Headphones,OTG,Charger : The phone doesnt comes with a headfone, but on listing sounds in headphones the phone does a quite remarkable Job. Also the Phone at present doesnt support OTG but I dont think I am going to use any OTG Pendrive in near future so it doesnt bother me. I got a white color USB Charger which seems to be OK type.  
Will give 3.5/5 in this section. 
Thats all from my side. I have been using this phone & I am very much satisfied with its performance apart from primary camera (not bad but not very good too). My Overall rating would be 4/5 for this Phone. 
PS : The phone got very very heated on 1st Boot but since 2nd Boot there never came any such issue :) 
Remember while buying phone take helps of reviews for getting to know about features & cons. However buy phone as per your requirement only as If I like Chocolate Icecream doesnt mean you will do the same.   

 I got the phone a couple of days back and let me highlight my usage facts.  
Performance - Noticed stuttering/lagging every couple of seconds even on less intensive games such as Angry Birds, Subway Surfers and Temple Run. However the lag is less pronounced on heavy games such as Dead Trigger 2 and Riptide GP2 and hardly noticeable. The lag is quite annoying such that playing the above basic games is an eyesore.  
Display - The display is an IPS HD display (1280 x 720 - very common in these range phones) which is sharp and the brightness good enough (not too high). 
Sound - The twin speakers are quite loud enough and the sound is crisp. The Dolby effect is good for the price. No complaints here. 
Browsing - Browsing experience was smooth with the inbuilt chrome browser. 
GPS - Got an accurate lock on my location even when inside my home away from the windows. No complaints here as well. 
Camera - Average 8 MP camera which is good enough for the casual shooters but not pros. Details are not well highlighted and pictures seem to be quite saturated. Front camera is good but not great. 
Storage - This is one place where Lenovo beats similar priced phones. You get about 11.5 GB out of 16 gigs. 
RAM - This is another area where Lenovo outsmarts similar price tags. As stated, the RAM is 2 GB and you get about 1.3 - 1.4GB free RAM. 
Heating - I didn't notice much heating as many have posted. Probably, the firmware I am using (Kraft-A6000-s_S010_150515) is throttling the CPU or battery heat as was the case in prev Redmi 1s firmware. Maybe the lags in UI and games could be because of this. 
Battery - I noticed that the battery life is not bad. It lasted an average of a day's charge on normal usage with some casual gaming. May be this has to also do with some CPU throttling as stated above. 
Overall, based on my usage, if you are casual user with frequent videos/music playback and calling/ internet browsing this is a great phone for the price.  
If you are more into gaming, please avoid this phone.   

 Don't think too much. I compare all smartphones in this range and finally end up in this one. After one month usage, I can proudly say its a good decision. All negative reviews are fake. I did't face any major heating problem even though I'm a gamer. Battery backup is good, Moderate users can get more than a day. No lagging at all ( easy multitasking). This is the best part of this mobile because I'm a Samsung Galaxy S2 user previously. I can give this 5 star because at this cost this is the best choice.Customer service centres available all over India.
If you want to buy a 5" android smartphone under 10000, I will suggest this to all. 

 as the product is dumped with full features. great sound quality, touch and connectivity.
so far concern to storage.. they are provide very good user memory..........ram 1 GB, but it never fill u to encourage to purchase having 2 GB ram..........it fully satisfying me with 1GB ram. all the application are running smoothly.
3g/4g connectivity is upto the mark. Lenovo delivered quality product with full features.
Once again thanks to Flipkart through which I am able to purchase this product at very very attractive price. 

 I got a phone on my hand on 6th June, but touch is not working from today 22st June, but the phone is OK. 

 Good product in this price range... Good camera, good display sharp and bright, and also sound is very good... 

 Better to update the lollypop os and enhance the battery life, Better to update the lollypop os and enhance the battery life 

 GOT IT FOR 7500 and intime delivery.. there are so many options for taking a pic. im nt able to take the quality pic since 1 month i buy.. does this ph hv really gud cam qual or im lagging in settings..
pls advice.. 
guds.. price..features..dolby sound,.4g..more intrnl my..ram
bads. cam..batry coud b more..nt gorilla glass. 

 Light weight, looks slim, great features & affordable price makes this a masterpiece
Got this phone in App offer at 6299/- even more happy for it as its original price is 7500/-
Already recommended this to my friends and family
Without a doubt can have this as a budget phone with all required features 

 i bought this phone 2 months back and its working really good no lags till now. ram is speen enough for multitasking and camera is good too. battery life in 16 to 18 hrs tats approximately one busy working day with net always on. 

 THE PHONE IS A MASTER PIECE ACTUALLY........2GIGS RAM AND PROCESSOR IS SUPER FAST......awesome thing at this price...... but it should have a headphone and better BATTERY 

 I have been using since last 10 days, what i noticed is battery is not lasting more than 6 hrs, heating problem also there if you use mobile continuosly. Sometimes phone is getting automatically switched off. 
Camera is good both front and rear. Phone performance is ok. 

 I have purchased first smart phone ever, with less budget and more feature. I have used this phone since 1 month . I found Pros 
1). very handy and lightweight ,easy to carry and operate. 5' screen size is awesome.
2). battery backup is good , as I am average user , need charge on alternative days. 
3). UI is smooth and responsive.
4). price is justified with features.  

 this is my first SMARTPHONE by which i m really satisfied,
camera is best & speakers also. i would prefer this if i were u.
just go for it 

 i have a lenovo a6000+
bought on 18/5/2015 after 16 days my phane is hang and restart automatically, hard heating issue and battery consume very fast like after 3 hours battery remaining 13%.
so phone is very bad
dont buy this
and 

 1. UI is non responsive 
2. Heating issue
3. Internet does not works most of the time 
I will suggest customers dont buy this phone because you will suffer like me. I wasted 7.5K and i hope i can save others money . 

 I bought this mobile in the first flash sale. Almost 50 days completed. So far so good. I dont face specific issue. No heating problem as i don't do excessive gaming. But I play. Battery life is decent compared to my Samsung S3. Twice my phone was off abruptly as the phone was dropped by mistake. Still started working normally. I have all major required apps downloaded from play store. If anybody face battery draining fast, please revisit your apps and the memory it consumes. Move the apps to memory card. I find this a good deal and with in my budget. It is a good mobile and you shall go for it. 

 Very good specs...
Speed 9/10
Sound 9/10
Touch 8/10
Battery 8/10
Display 8/10
Front camera 8/10
Rear camera 6/10 
Good phone for Gaming & Multitasking...
Sound quality is fabulous with Dolby sound effect, Just love the sound effect.
Even with 2G net is faster than 3G of another mobile...
Value for Money of 16gb ROM & 2 GB RAM...
This is a master piece from lenovo. incredible mobile for just 7500 bucks.
Just have to give headphone / handsfree with handset... 
Nice phone overall... 

 Its an awesome... using it since 1 months.. no issues at all...
battery life is awesome.. mine is not even lagging.. does not gets heated... front cam is awesome... flash light is great too... feels light and good... totally satisfied.. 

 UI is not good but works fine. Camera is very nice in this price range. 2GB RAM and 16GB Internal Memory is awesome. Working perfectly so far. Overall Good Phone.
No Earphone. 
4.5/5 for Phone.
I would gove 5/5 if UI is changed and Earphone provided. 

 i got the product yesterday. After using this for 10 mins this phone suddenly heated up.and unable to hold it. I raised a complain in flipkart for the replacement. They asked me to install smartchk app through which they ll monitor the battery temp. and they called me today around 7pm.by that time the phone temp is normal so they denied for the replacement and told me if the temp will cross 45c then only they ll go for the replacement. and this is confirmed by lenovo also that 0-45c will be calculated as normal temp. Then i asked them why they are not mentioning all those points? They kept silent. So think twice before u buy this product.And if u r buying then dont expect a replacement or return from Flipkart. I talked with executives Sharif,Chandra and abhijit das . They even did not listen to me n dont know manners also how to talk with customers . So be careful before u buy anything from flipkart. They will not replace for sure if u r facing such heating issue.Want to give 0 since 0 is not there giving 1 star. 

 I m facing more then 3 complaint in this phone, 1. touch is not working properly, 2. back button not working, 3. u can not type with this keypad, not working proper. I have raised a complaint for replacing the phone from 24/5/15 till today 1/6/15 only 1 time i got a call from flipkart. I think they dont have any plan to replace, maybe some understanding with sellers...dont buy this items guys...its not worth. 

 PLEASE DO NOT BUY.
I have just bought a NIGHTMARE worth rupees INR. 7499/-.
Our Hard earned money is not in SAFE hands.
Still I believe customer is GOD. Only problem is, letters "G" and "D" has exchanged their places.
These guys does not have any standard modus operandi and do whatever they feel for.
My MISTAKE is I relied on this website and lost my hard earned 7499/-.
I have received a FAULTY product and there was no action against it.
My another MISTAKE is I went to Docomo and Reliance store and cut my existing Normal size SIM into micro SIM, which will be off no use, as I have to again go to Docomo and Reliance web-stores and pay and get another SIM of Normal Size.
I have examples of some office colleagues, where in e-Kart guy will come with a new Mobile and replace the faulty one. But, as per Flipkart there is no exchange facility in my location.
This is RIDICULOUS.
Same location and same premises is observing two different statement.
I strongly suggest, DO NOT BUY from this seller. 

 Everything working fine except voice calling , i think it is mobile problem , i havnt faced it before in my old phone , if anybody facing same problem let me know ?????????? 

 I have received this product yesterday. After one day full use my review is 5 star. I have already used many phone like Yu Yureka!,Zenfone,Motorolla E,E2,G,G2, Redmi 1 and 2S. But this phone Lenovo A6000+ is really awesome. Before purchasing this phone I read lot's of negative and positive review about this phone. But I am a mobile freek person. I think go for this phone. I didn't find any issue in this phone. 
Processor: No heating problem in 64 bit 1.2ghz Snapdragon processor
Disply: Bright and sharp display
Ram: Performance very good and also no lagging. 
I have played Ashphalt 8,in this mobile. The phone is so smooth and I didn't find any problem like heating, lagging etc. 
So, don't go for negative review. Just buy this mobile and use it with proper technic. And ofcourse Flipkart is awesome for it's quicker one day delievry. 

 It is good value of money. Very nice mobile in terms of camera, processor, RAM,. Battery backup also good. Using lenovo A6000, A6000+ and A7000 and I will say all are nice. But at a price of 7499 only this mobile is just awesome. I will suggest to buy this one.
Pros:
1.brilliant HD display with excpetionl PPI and brightness
2.Sound is great
3.UI is awesomoe and easy to get into
4.Sound is moderate with clarity
5.Price is bang in the target
6. Extremele lightweight and classy to hold this sleep beauty
Cons:
1.battery backup might seem less if u a r a hi 3g net user. Trade off is it last 1 day with full heavy usage and 1.5+ days with moderate usage and less of internet when not in use
build quality is not that great however at this price its worth it
3.need a good cover so that the sleek beauty offers a good grip
4.camera could have been better 

 I'm writing this review after 18 days of usage-
my first impression was just wow ..i used it for 2 days and was satisfied but after 2-3 days its started behaving badly ....like others i was having battery issues and heating problems ..i called flipkart service for about 4-6 days ..but at the end they did nothing ( said official heating tempertaure was 48 degree ) ...so after many hours of wastage ...i did many things to recover and atlast i found the solution....now to althose having problems of heating and battery issues- 
1.first of all check your system updates ( i know all of you have done this but anyways )
2.remove your sd card, back your account ,format the sd card and then re-insert it .. from my point of view the whole problem is due to sd card ( this worked for me)
..to check whether if i'm right just remove the card first and then use the device..if i'm not wrong the problem will not be faced ..then re-insert it ..u again will have the issue ...so i formatted the sd card and inserted it ..and atlast the probs is solved ...now im getting no heating issues.. hardly sometimes it get heated over 36-38 (after heavy i mean really heavy usage) ..
my advice- just charge the device when you wake up at morning and allow it to charge 100% ..(before it wopuld take about 4 hours now it should take approx2 hrs and its normal ..and no heating issues .) then use the whole day ..( i do this and use it full day i get pretty decent battery backup ..at night about 30-40 % battery is left still ) 
now review ,
PROS -
1.Its's only 7.5k 
2.its sleek 
3.2gb ram and 16gb internal pretty fair deal 
4.camera is decent ..
5.4g in such low cost 
6. antutu benchmark - about 20.5k ( sry cant remember exact value)
7.nice battery backup 
8. good for heavy games ...( i played few games it runs pretty smooth without much lag ) 
cons-
1.no gorilla glass 
2.battery and heating issues ( hope it will be solved guys )
3.no earphones and only 1A charger so slow charging 
4. no lollipop ( it will available in 2nd quarter of the year) 
..thank you will update more 

 CAMERA : first remove ur back sticker to camera and take pics it was awesome but make some settings to get a great pictures
NO HEATING PROBLEMS : even while playing game or charging no heating problem
RAM : 2gb ram was soo good no lagging at all
HANGING : NO hanging issues can use multi tasks at a time 
TOUCH : touch was so innocent and supperbbb
Display size : satisfied
NO Head phones in the box ;( 
BATTERY BACK UP was awesome stand up to 16hrs a day needed charging once in a day 
Dolby speakers was great as like JBL
16gb internal memory at this price was good 
At 7.5k price this phone is good  
 i prefer everyone to buyy this phone i hope my review is useful to u THANK YOU Flipkart ;) 

 I purchased A6K+ on flipkart electronic sale with free airtel 4G sim at Rs.6750/- 
Initial Impression->
* No headphone in the box
* Good quality of screen guard available inside the box
* The phone is light weight & back cover is matt finish which is good to handle
* First time boot is taking little bit time
* After starting the phone got system update which is good to see
* Display is very clear & vivid and supports 1080p videos
* No glass protection(ex. gorilla) but still i m not getting any scratches on screen after rough use
* 16 GB internal memory(accessible up to 12 GB)
* 2 GB RAM good for multitasking
* 8 MP rear camera is above average & front 2 MP is good
* Battery backup is descent, taking time to charge
* Sound volume is low but it is very clear because of DOLBY feature
* Not found any heating issue, but when charging charger is heating
* HD games played smoothly 
* Some time UI is laggy but it is ignorable 
According to rumour 5.0 Lollipop update coming June end 
Every phone in the world has at least one or more disadvantages if you looking to that then you never purchase a single phone. 
Find out your requirement and go for it 
As of now LENOVO A6K+ is best for me 
At last thanks flipkart, WS Retail & E Kart for quick service and good packaging.  

 This is my review after 15 days of usage of this mobile... Very Best mobile i have ever bought... decent 8mp camera quality, good battery backup, mainly this comes with 4G capability which made me more happier, display quality is also good, decent value of 2 GB RAM makes it work in great speed and no lagging atall. call quality is also good. charging seems to be taking some extra time... i have read lots of charging issues in user reviews but i am not experiencing such problems... overall great... I think it more worthier than 7500 what we are paying... 

 I bought my Lenovo A6000 Plus on 1 month back,phone is except the below concerns:
1)Charging time a it taking more than hour's because of the charger.it can delivery only 1AMP
2)Discharging is very fast when you switch on mobile data/wifi ,without browsing Discharging time looks fine
3)Heating,when you browse/speck for more than an hour it is getting heated 

 Order Number OD103189061660957200,
Waiting from past 1 week to recieve order, Expected Delivery Date is Gone but till now no shipment information. 
Not Expected This Type of Service From Flipkart. How Can I Trust Flipkart for Future Business 

 Pros :1) The phone has minimal heating on heavy usage compared to other phones under 7.5k.
 2) The front camera is nice.
 3) The phone runs effortlessly with 2GB RAM. It does not hang like the samsung phones.
 4) The battery backup is appreciable.
 5) The phone is light in weight unlike MI phones in this price bracket.
 6) The 5 inch display is great. 
 7) The phone is perfect for gamers.
 8) It has a very stylish look. 
Cons :1) Rear camera isn't that good specially if you are zooming in. The clarity decreases drastically. 
 Therefore four stars :') 

 first 25 days worked properly..later it starts giving issues like heating some times,while it came to heated up it starts discharging from 98% to 10% in 10min. I requested for replacement but they suggested one method for get rid of this issue temporarily. After 15 days its started same issue several times.
OS version still 4.4. I didnt have any hopes on Android L.
Except these thing every thing OK. 

 sorry guys first i give 5 star for this phone after i checked headphone its not good clear sound i return and get new product but the problem is still exist..
if i press microphone button only i can hear clear sound i am using micromax and nokia headphone...so now i am given 2 star
if i use stereo earphone that was good but microphone not clear 
if your music and game lover go for it... 
most of users said backlight issue, if you operation this phone automatically you know which button your going to use, my frnd have 10,000 rs android didn't have backlight but only 1gb Ram 8 gb internal memory 
dolby digital if you put some ear phone you can feel it crispy and clear sound separate 
most of phone front camera is not good for this price but its very good 
almost in review all discuss about plus point.. 
minus also most of use discussed but i didn't see this point
1. compass not work in this phone 
light weight phone easily work with one hand
best phone for this price 
if you like to buy small budget phone you can go for it  
already they stick one screen guard without notice that one i try to put new one so i wasted new screen guard so if you buy new one pls notice then put new one 
for camera remove that plastic transaparent sticker in backside camera lens otherwise you didn't get good image   

 I have purchased so many Lenovo A 6000 handset from Flipkart.
Issues In Lenovo A6000 Plus,
Battery draining very fast 
Charging Also very Slow
Heating issue
Display is not much sharper in compression of Lenovo A 6000 
Cons in Lenovo A 6000
Can't Move some applications to sd card,
Pros
Battery is 2300 MH but really good  

 Comparing it to moto e and g it is really a winner as of now will update in detail later. 
PROS:
Internet: even 2g is faster
Ram: 2 GB is awesome
Memory: 16 gb great 
Display: IPS good
Processor: 1.2 GHZ good a1.3 to 7 would have been the best.
Camera: rear is ok. cool, front is super fine. (If u zoom image it will not be good, will pixelite more with dots, which means)
UI: good but i need to adapt to this from my use of motorola mobiles. 
CONS:
No headset - you can get it elsewhere, a fit one but sound and music are awesome built in.
Display: gorilla would have been the best.
OS: Need updates for lolipop ( they said, will give in next three months, lets see)
No BACKLIGHTS ( lightings behind the the buttons when u touch them)
Battery: lasts for about 7 to 8 hours even if heavy use.
No heating problems and lagging issues. Actually there were lagging issues and heating problems in the A6000 that's LENOVO cleared went for PLUS model. If people say it is heating, they need to give at least some est to the phone. If they keep on using it, then it will become just warm only not hot.  
FINAL VERDICT: 4/5.
PLEASE GO FAR IT U will not REGRET it. WILL feel happy.
Better when compared to moto e and g and cheap phones like micromax and lava made one.
For sure best ever compared to HTC models. 
Will update more in detail after some days.   

 Today it got delivered to me. Very nice mobile and intelligent enough. For 7.5K, i would say, this is the best mobile. So far, i didn't see any drawbacks 

 Being a privileged customer I am really frustrated on Ekart delivery. When I am placing the order your mention one day delivery but once we place the order you are keep on changing the delivery dates based on your convenient then, what is the point of your reliability. See my purchase history with FK. If you act in the same way it will demoralise our interest with FK. Now I am in the confusion of cancelling or waiting. Explain the reason for delay else cancel my order with my knowledge. 
Thanks,
Ashok S  

 I bought this handset few days ago. This is really not worth buying. The mobile has pathetic battery life and above all Lenovo has worst service. And not to forget that this is a joint cheating venture of Flipkart & Lenovo. Once you purchase this they will make it so difficult for you so that you stop calling service center and throw this mobile away.  
The mobile is not working and they are not ready to return or refund. It seems that Lenovo has not spent any money on R&D and they are doing this now with the real customers with the help of FLIPKART.  
Do not buy this if you do not want to be harassed. 

 First flipkart delivered it in 20 hrs 
I have been using it for 2 days, till now there has been no drawbacks except no earphones with it. Best thing is it is very light weight and comes with free screen guard. 
Camera quality is not up to the mark. 
Also found out that features are somewhat similar to some costly Smasung Phones (like Galaxy E7) 

 Guys... A genuine review from my side...
Firstly, at this price point Lenovo is providing a great piece of hardware in this device. I bought this phone during the Flash Sale period i.e. 28th April 2015.
Till date there is no lag what so ever... and the 2GB RAM makes it lag free n the humongous 16GB Internal Memory relieves you from transferring media, photos, etc to Memory card for making free space on internal memory.
- Touch responsiveness is too good.
- Display of the phone is vivid and colour reproduction is quite decent.
- Camera is decent enough... Rear 8MP camera is good.. Front camera is average... but manageable for Selfies & Skype calls.
- Capacitive buttons are not backlit, but that's understood for a budget smartphone.
- No hands-free provided in the box... Audio output is very good if you are having a good pair of headphones, thanks to the Dolby Digital Plus Sound.
Till now I didn't find any noticeable con in this device.. May be you can consider no support for USB OTG-On the Go as one of the cons.
If you are thinking of buying this device... you shouldn't be waiting... Only wait till the next Flash Sale ;)
Last but not the least, Flipkart's service as usual is too good, got the delivery the very next day :)  

 This is the Best Budget Smartphone from Lenovo. I am very Happy to get it. This is dam Slim and Very Light Weight Phone and it Fits Perfecty in One Hand. It has Good Display, Better Sound with Dolby Digital Plus, Good Performance, and Very Smooth Touch Experiance. Guyz, Don't wait..... Juss Buy it Now.......!!!... :) :) :) 

 I was purchased this mobile after analizing the phone such as honour holly , Red mi 2 , Moto g 2, Azus and finally i have selected this , I am really happy i was taken a good decision I am using this mobile for the past one week . I am fully satisfied with this mobile performance, In the review peoples given cons like no OTG, no key backight LED , camera quality avg . but this many features for this cost forgo's all the cons  
1. Battery is excellent (2days for avg user ) and 10 hrs for heavy users (Wi Fi , game , Video etc)
2. Fast performance even browsing and while playing games without hanging issues.
3. display quality is good.
4. good look and light weight.  

 it is an average product..not good looking at first view...screen also dull comapre to other phone..i not support this product at this category..it is too.... high price for this product.. 

 the mobile is heating continuously upto 50 degree celcius.
i am also unable to hold the mobile in my hands as it becomes very hot also in standby mode. 

 I have bought this phone and friends this are my experience. 
Good Points of phone 
1) Nice Speed
2) Good RAM (more than 1.25 GB is free)
3) Good Storage (you get 11GB+ in phone to use, so download many apps and enjoy)
4) Gr8 Flash light  
Not so Bad Points of phone 
1) No Handsfree with phone is provided.
2) Camera quality is normal 
3) Accessories like Flip Coer is not easily available
4) Charging Takes approx 2-3 hours to get fully charged. 
My Verdict in this range best phone so far. 

 1) Guys this phone is really a Battery eater...
bought this few 2 days back....
Earlier I was using A6000...
Only dis-adv as per my opinion is its Battery.
It is getting drain so quickly...dnt know why....most of the time I have to put my phone in charging whether i am in office or at home. 
And phone is getting charge slowly. 
2) Another issue is- Songs Collection which I have in my Memory Card, I am not able to see those in built-in Music player...So need to go to File Browser to play those..and that to ony by one...while playing in this way you can't do anything in your phone...if you try..then music will stop.  
Rest featues are working fine...happy tat 

 Last few days I observed the phone is turning off (swith off mode) by itself while on standby. The power on operatioon thereafter is not happening with the power on button. I am forced to remove the battery and place it back and then the power on button responds,
this is major technical problem, now applied for replacement
let see I will update afterwards
and the problem found by others too if you go through reviews you will see 

 Hi I purchased lenovo A6000 Plus from flipkart last month. after few days of usage, i realised that the touch pad is not working properly. so i contacted Flipkart. They have given some solution through phone. but afetr some failure attempts, they accepted to replace with a new one. 
My view about online electronic shopping is,
If your problem is genuine, definately they will help.
You must have all the accessories includes the box. 
Thank you flipkart. 

 i am planning to connect ups battery with my lenovo a6000 +, its sounds funny but this is only way to keep this crap in on condtion ,the worst battery backup i ever had in my life tym its totally bullshit... ******* i have planned to keep this phone in museum for upcoming Smart phone user generations actually i planned to give 3.5 stars but only cuz of battery back up i giving 1..... if anybody plans to buy this mobile also be prepared to buy a Ups or separate power generator along with this...  
note : best way 2 keep ur phone battery up kindly construct a POWER STATION so u can get a surplussed current. 

 not good camera resulttttt all our ok but camera show 8 mp but i am not satisfy with result of rear and font both of camerass 

 I have bought Lenovo A6000 plus.. few days back from flipkart but after using it I REGRET buying it. Except the Vibe UI smoothness ,16 GB memory nothing is good in this phone. After the new OTA firmware update I am facing this problem...
1. phone heats up continuously.
2. SIGNAL strength not stable ,. I have to refresh my network now and then. 3G,4g is not stable (you will be frustrated for sure)
3. Both the CAMERAs was just ok. But after the update ... noisy photos in every condition. (UNBEARABLE). Video recording is noisy and poor . TOO BAD for a price Rs 7499/- .Even Lava and Micromax gives much better results in this price range. 
DO not waste your money.... go for other brands indeed.  
  
totally satisfied...highly recommended !!!!
""U should have to clean the ram for battery and heating issue...""
LOLLIPOP update is awesome...just after update make a factory reset to resolve the whatsapp contacts issue..
very good specs...
rear camera -7/10
front camera- 8/10
vibe ui- 8/10 after lollipop 9/10
antutu benchmark score is 21098..
cons...
the icons of the vibe ui like cartoon characters..
otg not supported..
minimum ek headphone to dena chahie tha..
screen is sticky type...finger impression becomes visible
battery bohot loss hoti hai....with in 3hrs 

 i bought this phone after reading its features, but when i got the phone i was very disappointed on the battery front. the battery backup is all time low. takes more than 6hrs to charge and lasts only 8 hrs in standby. overnight if the phone is not used then next morning the phone will be in switched off. 
Flip kart request you to kindly do not fool any more costumers and loot the general public as already done. 

 relieved this product easily and only one day after I am sorry to say - this product is not up to the mark. touch screen is very poor, very light weight hand set but handset become very hot in few minutes of use.... hopeless return policy. seller given msg to me from flipkart that this product can not return. I am suggesting you people please do not buy this product... 

 Got The Mobile with in 2 days .It's Good.I had Charged Full Battery.from morning 8.00 Am On wards's the battery getting discharged quickly now it's 10:08 Am .Now my battery as 86 % without any using of apps..If You are a Person in Travelling Field.Don't Go For This mobile.and No Head-set with in the box.If u need battery Backup u go for a7000...This Is My First Purchase on FlipKart. Disappointed with that.. :(
Thank You.. 

 Decent phone for 7.5k ! 
Amazingly light weight ! 
Have to mention the following :
It lacks a back-lit display and feels a bit laggy when opening a few apps, even though it has "2GB RAM" ! 
No headphones in the box.
No USB-OTG.
The back cover has a resemblance to Nokia Lumia phones !
And have to mention the crazy "File manager". 
The UI isn't really that great , Most options seem crammed in the corners. You can easily notice this when you want to close all open applications. 

 First of all lightning fast delivery by Flipkart... Ordered at 02:01PM on 28/04/2015, got it before 03:00PM on 29/04/2015. Almost within 24hrs at Nagpur. (Flipkart should try there hands on Pizza Delivery too :-D)
Packing was fine & safe.
1/1 for the service privider i.e. Flipkart.
Now Lenovo A6000 Plus. As I am an optimistic so my reviews for 99.99% things in this world are 99.99% positive. You can say I am optimistically biased person. But, this i genuine.
Price: 4/4 (check out offline or online... for same feature mobile)
Looks: 4/4 (so sleek & sexy)
Display: 4/4 (now do not compare it with 15k+ droids)
Camera: 4/4 (autofocus makes your work easier in rear camera + front camera is good even at opposite of light)
Flash: 4/4 (never switch it on while staring at it, my eyes... still paining)
UI: 4/4 user friendly
Performance: 4/4 (lagged little while opening whatsapp, thats okay... notifications of last three months loaded at a time)
Memory: 4/4 a lot for everyone
Battery: 4/4 (was really hard to drain it fully... with 50% of charge it synced everything + download of all important apps in 3G + use & customization of 6 hrs... still 3% remained)
Charging: 4/4 (3% to 41% in 2hrs while switched off... can call it little slow but when compared to backup, its just fine)
am I missing something?
4/4 for Lenovo i.e. Loveovo
Total: 5/5 

 i have been using the phone for the past 24 hrs and so far I think it is the best you can get in it's price range. The only niggle is it does not ship with a headset so you'll have to buy one separately.  
Pros: 
Excellent Specs for the price
Fast
Light
Good Quality Sound
Excellent Display
Excellent call quality
Decent build quality for the price  
Cons:
Nothing really to complain about. Although the UI might take some getting use to and i wish the button were backlit. 
OVER ALL AN EXCELLENT PHONE. I WILL HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT   

 Lenovo A6000 plus Mobile is not functioning well, I have bought just 2 month back. touch screen not working properly. I have to do restart again again. 

 First of all , Flipkart delivery rocks . Phone was delivered within 24 hours . Now coming to the phone . 
DISPLAY:4/5 Display clarity is nice . Colour reproduction is good and the sunlight visibility is also ok. 
CALL AND SIGNAL QUALITY:2.5/5 This is where the phone fails . Signal clarity is a bit poor and I did face some call drops . This is not expected drom a brand like Lenovo . Also voice call clarity is pretty much average nothing bad , nothing great. 
PERFORMANCE: 4/5 The Snapdragon 410 chipset does its job well. However , one thing I have noticed is that games tend to lag once the phone heats up . This is very strange as I have an Asus Zenfone 2 Laser with the same chipset and this Asus phone doesn't have this problem . I think that this is a problem with all Lenovo phones because this same thing also happens in the Lenovo K3 Note. 
CAMERA:3.5/5 In daylight the camera is very good . But in low light pictures are grainy. In very loe lighting camera sucks. Front camera is so so. 
BATTERY:3/5 Wish Lenovo had put a 2600mah battery instead of 2300mah. Battery life is very much below average.  
BUILD QUALITY:3/5 Feels rather cheap. 
VERDICT: IF PERFORMANCE IS YOUR PRIORITY GO FOR IT . OTHERWISE SPEND SOME MORE AND BUY A SAMSUNG OR SONY DEVICE.  

 Never purchase  
Bad: Not providing earphone set. 
I am satify the touch screen........................................................................................................................................  

 I am using the mobile last 7 days. But experience is NOT good. 
1. Internet is too much slow. (While I am using same sim card in my Samsung mobile which is with 1GB ram, internet speed is quite good than lenevo of 2 GB)
2. Call divert option is not there.
3. You can not download two app simultaneously from Play store.
4. When phone is in loudespeaker, voice is breaking.
5. Copy paste is NOT working from places.
Many others issue I have faced. You should go for Moto G instead of that mobile. 

 The Phone I got has serious battery issues. I have asked for a replacement and it is 4 days now when they got back to me. One, it takes a day to charge. After it charges, battery does not last for more than 5 hours. And I am not using it mind you. This woman tells me to use a different charger. For god sakes,I am patiently explaing, even after 100% charge, the battery is not lasting. She said she will send a link....till the time of this post...I have not received. Called up the call center, that guy was not in his elements. I don't want to comment on his state of mind. I am a Mangalorean. Have little patience a stiver for excellence. Have so much work to do......Now I have to figure out what to do with this guys....Have been shopping with them for sometime....but this experience is getting distateful :( 

 i bought the phone a week ago. and it is heating up like an IRON BOX and the battery backup is terrible it cant keep the charge for an hour. i asked for a refund but they keep saying they would call me back but they never do. so my request never buy this phone. 

 battery gets very high heat.... 
lenovo sucks.... 
pl think and review 
not up to the mark
.... please think of it  

 Superb phone. 
Superb performance 
Good camera 
Great sound quality 
But, battery does not last for 4 hrs even in normal usage. 
Also heats up occasionally. 

 i ma using this phone from last 4 months. very much heating problem. some times hanging phone and average backup 

 I purchase the mobile after 34 days touch not working,I visited servicing centre ,they have repaired the mobile. 
I have not checked properly the mobile, they have made it like specimen phone inside. 
Do not buy this phone lenovo a6000+ 

 The phone is not getting charged. Battery is not charging at all. I have started using the phone and the phone has issue now. 

 bought this under a huge hype created online. Initially this seemed to be a nice product but then it started showing true colors. Life line of a smart phone i.e. "touch screen" does not work most of the time in patched. it is so frustrating when you are writing message,mail or playing games. Went to service center and they re-wrote the software but nothing changed. My suggestion pls pls pls pls do not buy this product. I also joined Lenovo community online and keep seeing ppl crying with same touch problem in community. 

 I haven't seen any big issue with the phone for minimal usage like browsing,gaming and phone calls.
I would recommend it for people who are not high gaming users 

 Review after 10 day use. Battery is quite good gives 30 hour backup after continuously connected to wifi, played a 1-2 hrs games, watched videos 1-2 hrs. Phone becomes even better after update. Primary camera is so so. Secondary is good. One can easily use with one hand. Not so large but no so small. Fits completely. Sound quality is awesome. Phone heated only once or twice when I played youtube for a long period or played game for a long.Phone is sooo light that it doesnt feel if put in pocket. The only thing I miss is the notification light. Notification sounds are also very low. Its hard to be heard if a msg arrives on phone. Other than that Phone is really cool. Best in class. 
 
Excellent phone at RS.6,999/-
Pros-
1.Got the Android 5.0.2 update on the very first day I purchased the phone. Kudos lenovo.
2.Both cameras are good not the best but for the price it's awesome. There is a blue cover in the rear camera please remove that blue cover as it spoils the camera clarity.
3.11.9 GB of space is available to the user.
4.Decent battery backup.
5.Slim and very light to hold.
6.No heating problem as mentioned in other reviews.
7.No hanging issues.
8.Good cellular call quality.
9.Because of 4G Lte support the internet browsing speed is good.
Cons-
1.It takes 3hrs time to charge.
2.No USB OTG support.
3.No Corning gorrilla glass protection.
4.Cheap quality screenguard provided by lenovo.
Verdict-
Best phone to go at RS. 6,999/-.
Thanks to Flipkart delivered the product within a day kudos to the team.Thanks lenovo and Flipkart.  

 hai friends 
this is problem
(this phone is charging is one day,light heating , no earphone in the box accerissiors ,one sim is 4g,another sim is only 2g,battey back up 2300mah) 
strength 
camera quality is bettter,video quality is good.
but phone looking is very nice  

 THE PHONE IS QUITE GOOD . ALL THE FEATURES ARE AMAZING AND VALUE FOR MONEY ALSO. BUT THERE IS A LITTLE PROBLEM THAT IT GETS HEATED DURING PLAYING GAMES AND CAMERAQ QUALITY IS ALSO EXCELLENT . 

 Super phone of 2015-16,i sell this for k3 note, but k3 note is not good against a6000+, i lost my a6000+ and money 

 I bought this ph one month back. a very good one for the value, features are simply awesome, camera quality was even good. U can even run high graphics without any prob. antutu benchmark was also very nearer to redmi. but the main problem with this piece is that it has a habit of restarting atleast once in a week. In recent days it has been more, for every 2days it is restarting atleast once....... very disappointed 

 middle finger to those who are giving 5 star rating to this dubba product
it is heating too much & not able to hold it in hands,battery is very poor,do not buy/consider this phone to buy  
I am giving -10 rating for this product but -10 is not available so i am giving one  

 So, Bought this phone after looking at the specifications. Disappointed to say the least. The phones screen has stopped responding in parts, so effectively the phone is a brick. and apparently this is not the first instance for this phone. 
Never buying a Lenovo Phone again, I\d rather buy a feature phone than this stupid phone. 

 THE PHONE IS COMPLETELY NOT CHARGING .AND IT IS COLD
IT IS POWER DOWN DUE TO 0% CHARGE.I BOUGHT IT JUST 2 MONTHS AGO 

 Touch never worked properly. Even replaced piece was same. Bad Camera quality. Heating Problem.
Bad Battery Backup. 

 Serious network issues with Lenovo A6000 plus. Went for service centre and the token number per day exceeds 120. So many complaints on this product and no proper service. Please dont buy Lenovo. 

 If normal use with not very high end game is the requirement with a good net speed, This is the best option in this price range. However, one should understand high specs low price shall always make a mobile with poor internal hardware like, PCB, sim and micro sd card holders etc.
High performing processor is bound to emit heat. I dont think my phone would last more than 1.5 year with very moderate use..... at this moment it is 4 months old and functioning properly within satisfaction level. 

 i bought this mobile recently for few days it was working fine after that the battery drains like anything. with full chagrge it is coming around 3 hrs and if u talk for 3-5 min getting too much heat.. may be this will help you 

 This phone has worst camera as compared to other phones.If camera is not needed this phone is as good as a phone costing 

 I usually don't write reviews, but was forced to because of how poor this phone is and how poor Lenovo's customer service is. It has been about 3 months since I purchased this phone and I have had to take it to the customer service 5 times already! The display of the phone started disappearing from the first month itself. Sometimes the display comes back after 15-20 hours on its own! 
The Lenovo team has REFUSED to replace the phone. Now I have no choice but to at least inform/warn others NOT to buy products from Lenovo, especially this phone.... 

 battery drying early and mobile is getting very heat early ... waste of product please improve the battery mah and it wil be better for the buyer . 

 very bad.....it went dead after upgrading ...very bad product...keep away ,. WE purchased it through flipkart whose service is excellent.. but the product performance is very poor and gone dead within 6 months....what a product it is 

 after 2 months touch screen not working properly...my friends also facing same problem with lenovo 6000plus. Need to replace the touch screen for good performance. 

 Dont go with lenovo specially A6000 plus after Only 1 Month its starts heating and now take 8-9 hour for charging and battery finished in 2-3 hour, when not even using data. 
Lenovo!!! your after buy service is really bad, they dont have the spare battery for A6000 plus in service center, even want to buy. They said it took 15 days.... 
Return my money.... or change it now.... 

 Heating problem and battery sudden reduce.sensor not working and some tines touch not responded...worst experience.. 

 i madhu from chennai,,,,,i purchase lenovo 6000 plus,,10 days back...i am not happy about this phone,,,,,,,,worst phone over heating ,,,,,,,,,,,,we have to cook food in tis phone top 
i dnt not except from flipkart tis type of phone,,,,,,china mobile 

 You will never be satisfied by this mobile if you are a real or expert or knowledgeable or frequent ANDROID or SMARTPHONE user.
Don't Buy this Mobile. 

 Phone Dial take Time index, Phone Screen Auto Black 5 to 10 minute after coming screen... and very slow 

 Not sure if this is defect with phone or manuf defect, but my phone cant hold on to a reception. Keeps losing it. And camera is too quick, it manages only "shaky" pics.  
Pros: 4G works good. lovely exp with internet. As a toy, YES ! 
Cons: As a mobile, this fails. Cant handle calls. Hopeless.   

 I had worst experience with lenova product, will never buy lenova phone
I bought this phone looking at his specification (Camera 8 MB, Internal Memory : 16GB).
Camera quality is very poor, worst than 5MB. I found lot of blur in images even in good light. 
I replaced phone, but again replaced phone got an flickering issue with display, camera still shown poor display. 
Inspite mobile got extra speaker , sound is not clear.
Finally I returned phone, got my cash back. Thanks flip kart for same. 
There is manufacturing defects in this phone. So, Never buy lenova phone.  
I recommend to buy REdmi 2 prime at this range with outstanding performance (using since 1 month) 

 i have buoyed a product, it is not good.so many problems are come
ex-over heating, camera problem,automatic shutdown , 

 I bought the phone with good expectation of decent cam and other feature better than Redmi 1s but great disappointment as the camera is to bad and have shades and look like vga cam when zoom the cam picture... apart from cam rest all other feature seems to be good and handy.... 

 Touch is not working properly. 
some time a single word need to be press more than five time to get it type. 
Others are okay. 

 I bought this piece and in the first few days itself it was hanging and sim was not getting recognised. later after rebooting as directed key pad back space is not working. contacting customer care was no use and now they want me to go lenovo centre and check it out for a brand new product. Too bad.. i will never recommend this site or phone for mobiles. 

 touch screen is lagging when i touch any application it some times takes half or even one second to respond.
 whenever i tried to scroll a long list there is always a time delay in between my swiping the screen up to down(scrolling) and actual movement of screen display this is the most pathetic experience; it gives a feeling of operating a used phone(at least 5 to 7 years old).  
even my micromax canvas a1 works much much better than this as far as touch screen lag point of view is concerned. i m not satisfied with this phone. 

 features are very good. but main problem is battery and over heating. remaining performance is excellent 

 Good specifications but very poor performance.Battery Gone in just 2 months.Not a worthy buy.Phone hangs more.Can go for Asus Zenfone 5 or Moto G.Dont buy this shit mobile. 

 Fone is a good but Still it do have some Technical Problem, after 1 month of purchasing the product, technical snag developed. went to service centre, they say it will cost around 4200/-, called there customer care, got it free.... 
very big problem solved by same service centre.... 

 Phone is awesome. Esp Red color has great look to it. Speed and UI are great. especially if you are bored of old samsung and Sony interfaces. Great price. Only a bit drawback is with camera. Rest ll is awesome nd great battery backup too 

 im getting much more problem in this mobile , getting to much heat and battery is drying very fast................................... 

 Battery Backup with net 4 to 5 hour, without net 7 to 8 hour 
bad battery backup  
Galarys image not move & copy to other folder 
1 gb space Ram of lolopop so very Hang full mobile  
Lolipop version very hang full this phone 
this phone you not purchase ............ okay   

 First Impression of the product was very good. But after few month of use its get heating problem, Battery Problem or any kind of problem what you can think. So please Don't Buy Lenovo A6000 plus.  
I ordered two A6000 plus and with these two phone i have worst experience of my life. one is changed by Lenovo service center Jhalawar with lenovo A6000's mother board. and second one is also repaired by service center kota 5 times. but problem is still as before. 
i am giving 1 star because there is no option for ZERO. 

 Quick review just listing the problems with the set. This is a great handset in this price range.
1. Lenovo Theme store doen't have any additional themes. Have to use custom launchers for enabling additional themes. 
2.Over heating (Media Server)
Phone worked great for a week, then after adding some movies to external Memory card the phone began to heat up and temperature consistently remained above 40 degree C. Media server was taking up more than 50% of the battery as seen from the battery tab.
Deleted those MKV files and now phone is back to normal.
Ps: Disabled media storage and added gallery app and video player. 
3.Lollipop update - Currently Unavailable
Lollipop update which was released on Sept 05 was full of bugs. Waited for a month so that release is stable..but now can't find it. Waiting for Lollipop without issues. 
4.Antivirus
The inbuilt antivirus database is out of date and it wants me to pay Rs 49 for a month ?
when there are a multitude of free antivirus in the Playstore. 

 I am writing dis review after using it for 3months..dis is the best smartfon in this price category..till now m not faced any issues..camera quality is good,speed is best,there is no hanging problems..
Only 1 issue is there,whenever battery drains below 15% and u are still using it continously den sometimes it may heat. Otherwise no problem is there with this device. U can buy this without any doubt in mind. 

 I using the mobile for the past 1 month, it is good and charge holds for 2 days. Happy for this product at this price. Only concern is I didn't receive a head phone along with the mobile. 

 Phone with 2 GB Ram & 16 GB Internal Memory with LTE Technology
Advance features in lenovo A6000, good processor, camera, Front camera for video Calling and many more. Over all very good handset in Very affardable price 

 display became faulty within 2 weeks but its replaced under guaranty. now its very sensitive and very comfortable 

 The phone is stylish and adorable for its appearance. The camera is good.Dolby speaker rocks.Affordable phone with many feature comparing to other brand android mobiles. 

 First of all I really want to thank flipkart for delivering this product within 2 days.
For the product, its good. The phone is light, sleek and beautiful. The interface is very smooth and the camera quality is just Good. but battery backup is very bad. fastly finish the battery. 
 
Excellent mobile light weight performance is grate , 16 GB ROM & 2 GB RAM storage capacity , Also battery capacity long time 

 Please don't buy this product, it worth nothing than a cheep Chinese toy. Cheep plastic used, fragile body. 
My mobile became dumb in just 4 months. 
Thanks to Lenovo for the dumbest product.
Thanks to Flipkart for advertising it & to make a hole to customer's pocket. 

 Touchpad became unresponsive after 1 month of use. Service center wants it to be deposited for atleast 1 month.
Also it is Full of Bugs.. 

 thanks you filpkart for delivering such a five star product to me. 
1 NICE LOOK
2 LIGHT WEIGHT
3 AWESOME CLEAR DISPAY 
4 LONG BETRY LIFE
5 WONDERFUL SOUND QUALITY 
6 BEST CAMERA IN THIS SEGMENT OF PRICE 
every thing is great about this phone . 
i perched 4 phone Lenovo A6000 Plus 
for me , my brother , my father and sister is also using this phone. 
till now i have ordered 13 phone Lenovo A6000 Plus 
for my friend and family and all of those having good performance 

 this is the worst phone i have ever come across. I reciceved the phone on the 1st of august 2015 and it started troubling me from the very next week. i took it to be minor problem but no..as the days went by it started to hang.. it hangs just every second it is switched on. when i took to it to the service centre i saw atleast 100 ppl with the same problem waiting before me in the line..and it is over 20days dat it is wid the service centre.
for some ppl even after servicing the problem remained as it is although i have not recieved my phone yet. so not quite sure about this point.
i seriously dont noe who all are benefitted from the phone but for sure it has worked out at all. 

 this is the worst phone i have seen ever.
do not go for this lenovo a6000plus.
Nothing is working properly.
waste mobile. 

 Poor quality product. Lot of issues. Camera quality is bad. Overheating. Battery draining very fast. etc etc... Not recommended product. 

 I got this mobile very recently,Wrost camera clarity and so much heat.if we expand the image what we took very blurred image it is showing up. 

 I own a Lenovo A6000 Plus mobile. Some parts of my screen do not respond at times but after a few hours it again starts responding. This cycle has been repeating for a month. Kindly suggest me a solution and whether this is a software or hardware issue. 

 when i share the datas via xender or playing the media file when phn is heating and show that media server is 51% and the phn hanged 

 Battery capacity if the mobile is too bad and camera front and back are too worse....drrrr laaga undha phone.....thokklo phone......edhava phone......choose a another brand of phone....don't buy the Lenovo mobile 

 lenovo give good features in less price but they are compro with quality.
purchased in Dt.12/05/2015. with in 15 days its screen not work properly. flipkart check 2 to 3 times remotely and tell me our phone is okay and it have nothing any manufacturing defect.
I went to service station and give my phone after a week and they replaced the screen.
now few days ago its charging not properly. I only used lenovo charger to use the phone. but charging symbol is appear on the screen but the battery does not charge.
I went to service station and serviceman told me there problem in motherboard so they want to change motherboard of the phone.
What about the quality of lenovo. very worst quality of phone I got first time in my life.
dont trust on the good brand of lenovo.
I advice do not buy this type of phone.
Thanks. 

 Third Class Mobile of A6000 Plus. Service was very very bad. 
Don't use Lenovo item. 
I have used A6000 Plus Lenovo. Within 3 Months , Speaker and Touch are not working 

 a decent handset,not to shinny not to dazzling but it does has that soothing feature...display is pretty sharp and vibrant,,that 2 gb ram lets you multitask with out any lag..battery backup is also good..and you can directly install your appz and games to the sd card 

 If I have to say it in one line I will say - " Buy it as soon as possible else you'll miss the golden egg". 

 Worth for Money, Hassal free upgrade to lollypop version, Excellent cameras, Nice power backup. Overall No issues in 2months usage 

 I am writing this review after using lenovo A6000 for a week.
pros:
Sound quality
lightweight
no heating issue
smooth touch 
cons:
UI is not that eyecataching
rear 8 MP is Camera is far below standards.  
I will not suggest who thinks of having lenovo A6000 with a good camera 

 Using for 3 month now its becom lolopop good performance. Camera,batry,display all are fantastic. Gaming is also responsive there is no lag in hd games ..like asphat air born fifa 

 AWESOME LOOK WITH GOOD CAMERA QUALITY...BUT I'LL NOT RECOMMEND GO FOR XIAOMI or YU FOR THIS PRICE ............... 

 It gets hot very soon. In just 5 minutes of use it becomes very hot. And battery also last for few hours only. Does not provide headphones. Configuration details shows Lenovo A6000 only and A6000plus is missing. Do not buy this product guys....better to choose samsung...or go for moto handsets. 

 My other friends have taken this same Lenova 6000 plus mobile from flipkart they got screen guard inside the box but i could not got the screen guard. 

 i bought a 6000 mobile with Andriod 4.4.4, after upgraded to 5.0.2, all contacts are in the list but it didn't shows while receiving an incoming call and in applications also didn't get the contacts. most of the apps are not supported for the upgraded andriod. 

 battery problem, voice problem,camera problem,many problem, 
totally,,,,,,,,poor  
Rating 00000000000000 

 Flipkart Service IS Awesome 
BT Dont Buy Lenovo A6000+
*Heating
*Hanging
*HD games Not Run Properly Even 2GB Ram
*Battery Not up To MARK 

 Using this device since two months . 
And this is how I feel about it now :
The first thing in noticed is that the mobile comes with a lot of bloatware ...i uninstalled many of them and disabled the rest. 
and about the mobile..... 
Unbelievably fluid performance and multitasking is a lot of fun on this device . 
No app closes automatically and always stays in RAM . So you can run all your faceook and watsapp .and whatnot ... even while playing asphalt 8 or something and no matter how much stuff you do ..you will always find more than 300MB space still lenft in the RAM.. a big thubs up for the 2 gb RAM at this price. And another big thumbs up for the responsiveness of the device. 
the next good thing is its camera . 
Believe me its camera is truly AWESOME for the photographs .. it has one of the finest 8MP lens in the market. 
Not advisable to take selfies with its 2MP camera.. but again you dont get every thing for 7.5k .. it is not that bad either .. it performs upto its standard.
but not that gud for video .. you cannot take FHD video... and the 720p video is not that good .. also it take time to adjust the focus and the video comes out to be soft. 
Batter backup is amazing .. and lasts one full day and sometimes one and half day.
now the rating:
Display : 9.8/10
Speaker output : 8/10
headphone output : 9/10
Battery : 10/10
Looks: 8/10
Responsiveness : 10/ 10
Rear camera : 10/10 ( photo) and 6/10 (video)
value for money : 11/10 
:D go for it  

 Hi Friends, I have bought this phone by flipcart. Phone is really good.
But I have face only 1 problem with zooming the captured picture, pixels got very disturbed
But clear at file manager location.
Otherwise phone is good no confession on buying this product. 
No heating issue with this phone 

 light weight and battery backup is nice Good RAM (more than 1.25 GB is free)
Good Storage 11GB+ in phone to use Gr8 Flash light its just awesome product............................. 

 Except Touch remaining all are good.
Camera is also low at sunlight,but nice during night times.
Battery was awesome and heating is totally low. 

 Last friday you are delivered LENOVO mobile...after second day the speaker its not use what the problem will arise in the new moblile...you are very cheater...if you provide below low star i will give this product... 

 the phone is grt no doubt. but now the touchsreen is not responding at some places. i purchases it only 2 months back 

 jus after one day im having problems with the touch. please dont buy. giving one rating only because i have to. lousy phone. 

 recently i have brought lenovo 6000+ from flipkart,the flipkart service is good,but the mobile phone from lenovo is really bad.
the main issue is, its get hot within the usage of 15minutes and after that the whole battery charge drains out within 3 hours,really a big quality issue....  

 worst phone ever..it was flawless on the frst day bt next day the touch was not working properly !
every thing was full of flaws..full of software and hardware issues !! 
plz do not go for this phone else you will regret later on,.. 

 THE BEST MOBILE FOR LENOVO SO GOO NO HANG 
CAM. IS SO GOOD SOUND IS GOOD RAM IS WERY FAST RUNNNG IN LOW BUJET PRICE 

 i ordered Lenovo A6000 plus i get the specifications as A6000+ but the mobile model name appeared as A6000 only.
Double Data Offer is given by Flipkart but the AIRTEL operator decline this offer due to the model name as lenovo A6000 not A6000 plus. I dont know why this offer is given by flipkart.
About mobile it is good. 

 My screen shattered after a month used and the worst part OMG the screen cost 4500 bad experience with Lenovo. Never in a million years buying Lenovo products. 

 Heating Issue .
Not only on the time of charging ,
If we use mobile for Continusly for 3 or 5 minutes - Phone gets very heat ...
During Messaging , Call etcc... 
Heating Issue ...  
WS Retail also now a days very worst ...
30 days replacment is very fraud 

 The overall performance of this phone is killing every third phone available in the market at same price. The phone worked perfect on any level of usage. It is fast, light, good looking and nice at it best. But I replaced the phone 3 times and every time I was getting defective product. First, I got phone in which after using about one month the Headset Jack gone. Second phone I got after replacement was having camera and charging issue. The third time I got the phone was having touch issue. At bottom side the touch wasn't working at all.
There is no any performance issue with the phone, but the products each time I was getting had some manufacturing defect.
Thanks to Flipkart, even after approximately 3 months, they gave me Refund.
Don't give up on bad reviews, it was my bad luck that I was getting manufacturing defects in the phone. This type of problem is very rare. Just go with this phone if you are tight on money. This phone is worth at 7.5k 

 I have bought this phone 2 months back. I would like to give 5 points to this phone. I didn't like its interface but we can add theme to change it anyway.Below are advantages :
1) 2 GB RAM ensure this phone won't hang. I have tried playing asphalt 8 which played quite well.
2) Sound is good.
3) HD clarity is good.
4) Light weight
5) Battery backup is awesome. I watched video continuously for 4 hours which consumed my 20% of battery.(in GSM mode)
6) Pretty good for this price. 
Disadvantages : I don't have many
1) I didn't like the user interface
2)No LED light. I really don't know what it takes to add a LED light. We have to check manually if is charging or we have got any message/notification.  

 I purchased this product from flipkart at Rs 6299/- (incl of 10% cashback). Kudos to flipkart for the delivery speed even in remote Allahabad. 
Pros: Excellent UI, no noticeable lag and ultra smooth touch interface.
Has 4G support, although not tested as there is no 4G service in my area. Presently running on 3G.
Both SIM based and Wifi speeds are superb, easy to access from the touch panel overhead with one click / touch.
Slim design, thin and fits in the hand perfectly. Most operations can be done with one hand, size of screen (5") is optimal. Brilliant display and HD video watching is fun, with the superb DOLBY twin speakers for output. Pl note that NO headphones are supplied, but display cover is included in the package.
Quick recharge, can charge to full capacity id less than 3 hrs. Battery lasts for a day with less to moderate usage.
Camera takes great pictures in good light, low light pics are grainy (at night with tube light illumination only). But the pictures are discernable, colours original. Was getting blue tinge on initial pics, then realized that the blue plastic cover on the camera glass was still there ! Post removal, colours are original, no issues.
Most apps can be moved to SD card storage, thereby freeing internal memory for phone usage. I have installed a 32 GB Sandisk Ultra Class 10 Micro SD card which works fine with this phone.  
For this price, I can challenge anyone to find a better phone today ! For budget phone seekers, do not think twice, CONS like no backlight on display buttons can be overlooked. 
Update on 09 Sep 15: One system update was received a couple of days after using the phone and certain apps were updated. I have received the OTA System update to Android Ver 5.0.2 (Lollipop) two days ago. No issues after the upgrade phone wise. However, the Mcaffee appln and Clean Master widget on screen have vanished post upgrade. I guess I will try re-installing to rectify, they work fine otherwise. 

 It is having everything confined within good budget.Battery backup as well camera is good . Headphones not available is the only disadvantage .No heating and battery draining issues unless you use memory card. 

 Worth every penny! Bought this for my wife who previously used Moto E 1st gen, which was also bought on Flipkart.
Mobile is great! Camera performance is far better than many mobiles in this price range.
Performance is great with its 2GB RAM.
Display is awesome. My wife really liked it.
Only down is lack of Gorilla Glass! I'm a bit worried in this regard, as we've a 2yr old naughty kid who throws up anything and everything, and ahe has to be extremely careful to keep her mobile out of her reach!!
All other things are great though!! 

 i have not seen worst product than this before.it has major touch issues,lagging while gaming,heating issues and last but not least camera clarity issues.plz dont buy 

 facing in this hanset heating problem, when phone is heat you are not to do any thing that time, not satisfy. 

 I have purchased Lenovo A6000 Plus from Flipkart on Jun 24th 2015, The day I got my mobile I had experienced heating problem. And from last two days it is not working(Just a blank screen). When I am trying to call the Toll Free number that is mentioned on the mobile pack is not working and the service centers that are available in internet are all fake numbers. It shows the intension of Lenovo. Please do not buy any Lenovo products from Flipkart. 

 Lenovo a6000 Plus is Very Good phone.
Pros-
1.Fast Processing and Good storage, no lags
2.Good Front and rear camera.
3.Excellent Sound Quality earphone, speaker, Dobly feature is awesome.
4.Good battery backup. lasts for a day with moderate use
5.HD display is amazing.
Cons-
1.Takes 2- 3 hours to charge completely which is huge 
Right now the the phone is operating under kit Kat 4.4, which is basically a 32 Bit operating system, This means the Snapdragon "MSM8916 410" processor which is 64 Bit processor, is not performing optimally on this phone, once the phone is upgraded to the "ANDROID LOLLIPOP", which is a 64 Bit operating system,The performance of this phone is expected to rise up to 20% to 30%. Which is a very very good thing by the price factor of this phone. 

 Superb phone for this price. 
PROS
*Weightless
*Very slim 
*Played Asphalt 8 in this phone for 10 min, doesn't heat too much, no lag
*Sound quality in the speakers and earphones are really good, speaker produces very good sound *Good color saturation in screen, 
*Pics taken in 8 MP Camera is good  
CONS
*Charging is a bit slow with the given charger ,takes 2 to 2.5 hours for full charge
*Has 2G/3G/4G in one sim slot and other slot has only 2G
*No notification LED
*No back lit for back button and menu button (below) 
Overall verdict:The phone is a worth the money device for its specs and price. 

 I bought this phone from flip kart. I am satisfied with features of phone at this price.
But after few days the phone start getting shutdown automatically. To start the phone again I have to remove and plug the battery every time. the phone will be shutdown atleast two times in a day. 
Later I came to know one of my friend also bought this phone from shop by paying 200 more than the flip kart price. He is not having this problem with phone. 
I feel flip kart is selling faulty product. please be careful. 

 Great Device Totally in Love with my phone no lag no heating .. long lasting battery.... fast and fluid performance i suggested this device to my friends now 4 of us using this device and coming to camera Good Picture Quality and HD Video Recording.. Totally my rating is 10/10 :D 

 This is the worst mobile and waste of money.
it does not work properly and service is very bad. 
It works automatically, touch is very bad and this phone has manufacturing defects.
company increase RAM & internal memory in its old mobile A6000 only. 

 Bought this phone last month in july 2015.My cousin and some other relatives have
Lenovo A6000 and when I saw it's specs better than and in an offer from flipkart,
I was getting this for same price, so i ordered it immediately.
Now let's see Pro's and Con's: 
PROS:
1.Display(4/5): 5 inch IPS HD Display does it's work perfectly.At this price, u will get a 
crisp and clear picture quality.Watching HD or Full HD videos on this is a pleasant 
experience.It has light sensor, so in Auto mode, it works in sunlight as well.It looks 
delicate so i have applied the screen guard that came with package and a back cover
that i purchased from market.It doesn't have Backlit LED nor LED notifications, which I 
had in my Sony Xperia GO, so it was a little discomfort in beginning but now I have got 
used to it. 
2.Camera(4/5): It comes with 8MP back and 2MP front camera.There is a LED flash for back camera.
The 8MP back camera takes decent pictures, flash helps us take balanced pictures.I didn't notice any overlighted area. You can't compare it to I-phone camera, but yes it does a good work at this price.
Front camera is very good in quality.Even with 2MP resolution, it captures clear and sharp pictures.
The camera has many good features like HDR, Histogram, Different Focus modes, Redeye reduction etc.
It can shoot HD videos, that i think is sufficient bcoz Full HD will take extra space on storage.Quality of it's video is also up to the mark. 
3.RAM and Processor(4/5): It has 2GB RAM and 1.2Ghz Qualcomm snapdragon quad core processor.
I have tried games like temple run, Subway surfer, candy crush.I am not a hard core gamer, but this games work flawlessly.I tried multi tasking like gaming, surfing and watching videos together without killing any apps and it didn't hang for a moment. So a good one for this price. 
4.Connectivity(3.5/5): It is dual SIM.First slot supports upto 4G and Second slot upto 2G.
Both are micro sim.I live in Indore, where there is no 4G but 3G and 2G worked very well.
Sometimes when I turned on Data, it turns on, but no data transfers, so I have to turn off and turn on again.
Call quality is good and signal receptions are also strong. 
5.Storage(2/5):Lenovo is giving an internal storage of 16GB and good thing is whole space is available for apps and all stuff.
It can expand upto 32GB, means you can have over 45GB space.But there is one bad thing about phone that will come in 'Cons' section. 
6.UI(4/5): It has Android Kitkat 4.4.4 running with Vibe UI, which is smooth and user friendly.And with this RAM and Processor, it works really well. Lenovo has promised to release lollipop Update for it. Lenovo has released some updates, but i suggest to take some time before downloading any updates, because some updates may disappoint you.  
7.Battery(3/5):It has 2300 mAh replacable battery, which once charged upto 100%, gives me a backup for whole day, with average use like surfing, playing games, watching videos.I turn on data, only when i need it, so it may vary from person to person.In idle condition, battery drop is 1-2% in 2hrs, which is good. 
8.Sound(3/5): Though Lenovo is giving 'Dolbi Digital' technology for sound, but i didn' feel
anything extraordinary about it.Two speakers at back side do their work well and are loud and clear enough to hear in a crowded and noisy environment.They have not provided Earphone with this, so i purchased Senheiser's earphone that works well with this.Watched movies and found the quality decent, not as good as my last Sony Xperia GO 
CONS:
With so many good features and hardware it has only one major Con that troubled me a lot and that is HEATING.When i searched, i found that almost every person having it, suffering from same problem.
I also complained flipkart about this issue and asked for replacement, but their answer was "It is normal for this phone to heat upto 48degrees and unless it is upto that temperature, we will not replace it."In user manual, came with phone, it is mentioned that don't operate it above 42degree, So their excuse is totally unacceptable.
So I searched more and found that when I unmount my 16GB class 10 memory card, the heating issue is gone and this is the reason, i gave 2 out of 5 for Storage, When u can't use expandable memory what is the use of it.Looks like, I am using a Pen drive.The reason for this is, their ROM is not able to manage 'Mediaserver' app effectively,
when i checked, i found it was consuming 80% of battery, which is not more than 5& in other phones.One solution i found for this issue, is putting a .nomedia file on your memory card and then use it.In this case some apps will not show content of memory 
card, but this is how u have to use it. 
So overall a good phone for 7.5k, with only one major drawback, HEATING.May be in future updates, they will resolve this issue and the phone will be perfect.  

 still the same awesomeness after a month of usage.It's the best phone in this range.I read many bad reviews before purchasing,but i still bought it as it's Lenovo and now i don't have any kind of problems.so please,don't be afraid by reading bad reviews and if receive a faulty device,flipkart has very good service for returns. 

 Within two months I am getting heating problem when the mobile is standby. This problem raising after some time so it bcoz of the mobile hardware. So dont buy and waste the money 

 This phone TOUCH PAD started behaving weirdly , even after giving for service it was worse then before. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE !!!!! 

 My Friend had Lenovo A6000, and his phone's Camera was good, so thought to get this phone. However, being A6000 plus, an upgraded version of its predecessor, its picture quality sucks. There are whole lot of grains visible in each picture. I doubt whether this is a 8MP/2MP or a VGA camera. 
We used to see such camera's in phones way before 2005. 

 so you are perches samsung galaxy j5 ......................................................................................................... 

 Flipkart Delivery was in time just in one day, but the phone received was a faulty one, Keeps Restarting alteast thrice a day, and takes longer amount of time to boot up, i have requested for return, lets see how flipkart team will take further. 

 within few days "Back" button (used to go to previous menu) has stopped functioning.
Has Lenovo lost quality products? 

 I had purchased the Product about two weeks back and I have noted that the voice is breaking between calls. If I disconnect the call and call again it might wok correctly. The major issue is that I am not able to predict when it occurs. It might occur after few minutes of a call or after 30 minutes or so. Some times there is no issue at all.  
This is certainly not a range issue as I have faced this problem from different locations while speaking to different people. Also the same network is working fine without break in my old mobile.  
Not sure if this is a device issue or a common problem with this model. Please suggest if any one else have faced the same issue. 

 I haven't seen such kind of phone . Lots of features of this mob. are good but , there is a very big problem with its battery ,u can't open multiple apps in this phone . battery backup is not more then one day . AND IF U USE E-NET then battery will be finished in just 3 to 4 hours .and other problem is the battery heats up frequently ,its a manufacturing defect of this phone .
think twice before purchase if u use e-net or u had a job. fine phone for home persons . 

 after 1 month the touch screen doesn't work. no help from service center too. Al you will through your money in dust bin when buying this product 

 Got this mobile month back and i don't see as much problems in it. 
only problem is Camera, its not up to the mark, as it is given 8MP rear cam but it is not wothy for 5MP also. 
Coming to Battery it takes long time to get full battery but it gives 1day back up even after playing Asphault 8 for 1hour. Not heating up as much.. Got a good product from WS Retail. 
Best and great deals in flipkart by WS Retail.. 
I am using Flipkart only with WS Retail products as it is genuinely gives the original product in the before time period it mentioned. 

 I have been using the product for a month and from the first week onwards i am facing problems..The back cover of the phone slips out from the phone.The phone has connectivity issues over wifi,the speaker is out of service from the 2nd week,Phone gets heated badly during first charging,phone gets restarted frequently while using share it sync it apps.
I requested a return of the product and flipkart accepted to replace me the product..What is the benefit in getting the worst phone again .Flipkart please refund my money and i will buy another phone rather than this lenovo a6000 plus 

 I bought this phone at least 2 months ago for my wife. From the beginning, the phone is getting switched off very frequently. We have to remove the battery and re attach it to switch on. Seems the battery placement is not proper. This does not seem to a problem with my set only but a common issue per previous comments.  
I would suggest not to buy this phone unless you are okay with your phone getting switched off without your knowledge. 

 don't buy this phone... 
automatically switches off need to remove battery to power on  
Flipkart just replaces phone no other solution to this issue yet. 

 I am rating this after 2 week of using it. The battery backup was too good, it long last for more than a day without playing games and with playing games it will last for 14 hrs. I used Asphast 8, Call of duty and other heavy games and it was playing without any lag. 
Touch is also good compared to my previous phone huwaie holly honor. 
Its light weight. Switching between applications without any lag.
The only issue and it lags only when i get any hindi or marathi messages on whatsapp it will hang like it has only 256 mb of memory, i think so this problem should be rectified by the company. 
Company should have provided notification light, navigation key lights and plastic body should be more strong as currently which is not good at all. The mobile has fallen from my hand for more than 5 times but no issues. 
Overall the phone performance, build quality, hardware is best. 
People should go for it and buy. 

 I have been buying phone for 40 - 50 k but now its just feels like a pure waste of money, This lenovo A6000 Plus is a amazing phone with a very competitive price and has most of the features of a high end phone. 

 Excellent phone....Worth to buy under 7.5 k.....I write this review after using 2 months....I personally recommend this phone 100%... 

 am totally satisfied with this phone really working good and speed.... No hanging issue no heating issues ..really good and Good battery backup speed charging ..................................but /airtel Double data offer is not gud airtel team cant give me this.....its bad....
Good Camera Quality Both are
2 Gb ram nice
Good looking
less weight
No any problem is found til now ..........trust Lenovo is really Rock*********** 

 For 4days i clling the cstmer support to return my phone.there is total touchpad problem with the phone..just 10days old.the customer support is not much responble to return..i cant use this phone for 4days..very bad support 

 i was really afraid to buy my mobile from online store because of cheating in delivery..but flipkart is very cheper then other store and 100% reliable to make shopping..Thanks flipkart.
keep shopping with flipkart and lenovo A6000 PLUS is very good mobile having many built in feature and sound is amazing. 

 This phone is very pathetic, The main problem with this phone is the touch problem. The touch pad make the phone worse. if i try to open message app then it opens chrome app and if i type Hello, some how in msg app then it type some other words like "sdsdd" etc. feel like throwing this phone in dustbin. 

 body design and specs all worth it,proven to be a best all rounder smartphone in this price range.
camera 7/10
sound 8/10
display 10/10
battery 8/10
user interface 9/10 
people who just make calls and uses small playstore apps will be SATISFIED with my review,but this is not with the case for GAMERS 
if your are game maniac and wanter to install heavy games as soon you get this handset then better think twice before buying. 
this handset heats up from the upper half very badly because of battery discharging very quickly due to high graphics demand by specific games. 
if u install games size more than >80 MB phone will start heating and heat very badly unless you play in AC ROOM.
games like mortal kombat,COD,ASPHALT and mission impossible will make this phone go mad and phone will literally cry. 
so better switch to some high end processors which consist 2nd gen snapdragon or 3rd,dont go for this BECAUSE I AM THE ONE WHO IS SUFFEREING FROM THIS SITUATION 

 I got this phone one day before. It took some time to get the phone from Flipkart. But nicely packed. The headphones are not there. The look is good. Lightweight and comfortable to use. The battery won't last long. But no heating issue untill now and its flexible to use multiple applications at a time, because of the lavishness of 2GB RAM. Overall a good phone. 

 First of All i must tell that i don't review products i buy but i have to do this for this. 
I ordered this device on 6th July they sent it to me on 7th July which is kind of surprising because my orders in past reaches me in 3-4 days.
I bought it for my dad. He received the product in his office when he got home i saw the phone and i was amazed wow its was so beautiful i didn't expected this at just 7500rs.FYI i own a nexus 5 which is very nice device and cost about 4 times more than a6000plus but still i can say that lenovo a6000plus is more lighter and thinner than my nexus 5 and it look superb too. 
when i took phone from my dad's hand i turned on display and i was amazed wow!! it was so beautiful and vibrant surely i didnt expected it to be this much good at this price. 
now for phone ui its nice simple pretty much stock expect home which dont have an app drawer it kind of look like MiUi but it not even near that. It dont have customization like miui. But that can be considered an advantage because lots people like stock experience. Just install Google now Launcher it will be like 100% stock. 
Mobile have some preinstalled apps but most of them can be removed which is kind of nice sure it bugs me as am a stock user(nexus 5).but it not like samsung's bloatware. 
for performance i can say that app opening speed is gud but its not smooth or fluid for all time you can feel stutter here and there but still very good performance for price 
Camera- Its Ok but its great if consider price point as you cant get better than that at this range. front cam is nice too. Both cams are good for general pics for instagram and fb. 
Battery- Its give you a day backup which considered great according to today standard. 
Note- For people saying about heating issue i can confirm that there is no heating issue whatsoever. Am sure people who that mobile heats are definitely coming from a non smartphone mobile and they find mobile getting warm an issue. But its normal for smartphones to get warm as you use them.. 
P.S- keep in mind i use a nexus 5 which 3-4 times costlier than this but still i liked this device i can even say that my next device would a lenovo or a xiaomi.. i also have a redmi 1s and a6000plus is better than that in all aspects.  

 its camera very poor and dont purchase this item its totaly waste of money and flipcart say sorry we cant take return this product 

 Very good mobile. Its performance is marvelous. Light weight, handy, high speed processor without hanging problem. This mobile is worthful for your amount. 
The camera quality is amazing. 

 Don't buy this mobile not providing head phone flip kart making fool for pepole they providing head phone Lenovo A6000 but not in A6000plus cheating 

 1] hotspot is auto on-off problem.
2] Mobile was over heating and battery drains faster. 
3] backup is not more than 2 hours.
4] service centers service is not good.
5] mobile PCB Board is cheap.lots of problem's
 so dn't buy  

 i like so much.......
no problemes in this mobile,it's speaker is very nice......... 
the reson of buy the mobile is it's very large internal memory & largest ram in satisfied price...  

 after every 7-8 hours it automatically switched off and is not ready to boot, I am required to remove battery and refit to restart 

 I purchased this for my friend. Its a very good phone,
Pros :
Good battery backup
Performance.
Dolby digital Sound.
Nice UI.
Gaming Experience
Cons : 
No Earphoen Included.
Gorilla glass should be there. 

 I have been using since 3 months..no single issue, excellent phone within budget.Thanks to flipkart for timely delivery 

 Please do not buy the mobile . I am facing early discharge of battery and It is heating while speaking on other phone 

 this mobile has very good screen clarity, very good sound output via earphones and the vibe UI is very much stable and easy to use i have forgotten google launcher that i used before....... has very good rear camera really impressed with the battery backup with this phone... unfortunately this phone doesn't come with earphones inside the box that is the only con with it but lastly very much impresses with the mobile!!!!!! 

 having used all phones from micromax to i phone 6 ,recently purchased this last week slows down i doubt it has 2GB Ram , battary drains 

 BENCHMARK:->AnTuTu---Score->20512(For A6000 Plus) Versus, 20234(For A6000). Versus,18350(For Moto G Second Generation) 
ADVANTAGES:-----> 
(1) 2 GB of ram(DDR-3) for better multitasking(Which is very good)
(2) 16 GB of internal storage(11.53 GB of usable storage,Which is ample)
(3) A free screen guard is provided by Lenovo (Out of the box)
(4) Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic(Also known as secondary noise cancellation) & Works well in crowded areas.
(5) Dolby Digital Plus Sound(Stereo or Dual Speakers). In fact it is a delight for music lovers. The music can be customized the way… (Expand) 
Was this review helpful? Yes No 

 Yes i'm using lenovo a6000plus since 1month.. I'll say that it's nice mobile but small problem with that is while charging the mobile, charger dissipates over heat and temple run game gets struck. Rest of that charging is good and good volume and nice touch sensitivity with good camera and all....It's an all time budget mobile.... I'll give 4 out of 5 .... 

 really its cool and awesome phone at present in market. very slim and very light. awesome camera and sound quality:) i like it very much. still now no con has been founded. so dont think any more just click n buy:) 

 I've been using this phone since past 5 days, and I've faced no problems at all. Screen is large enough,processor is fast enough, and phone is just perfect.
DON'T LISTEN TO BAD REVIEWS THEY JUST GOT A DEFECTED PIECE,
(Don't buy too many of these phones I don't want it be get common lol)
Ratings:-
Camera - 3/5
Processor:- 5/5
Looks:- 5/5
battery life:- 4/5 
nice job lenovo.. completely satisfied! 

 rear camera is very very poor.images from front cam is much much batter then rear cam. i feel that i got 8 mp front cam and 2 mp rear cam :D  

 The battery backup was very poor from the first day itself. i thought that it was particularly the problem in my handset so i gave it to service center on the second day . the problem of battery was not cured even after that. after that new problem i interacted with was the heating up of battery by its own. when i charged the battery fully and kept inside my pocket it began to heat up by its own. really fed up of this phone. it is now fourth time in service center , now they are telling that there is problem in the motherboard. the heating problem is in everybody's mobile. i saw more than 20 men with the same problem and same handset. 

 Value for money, Best phone below 10k.
Good camera, Display.
Very good for gaming and watching videos, the phone wont get heated up much even after playing for a long time. Speakers are loud and clear.
Battery life is also good.
Screen guard is provided with the phone.
5 stars for the product. 

 This model having 2GB Ram and 16 GB inbuilt everything ok but Speaker condition particularly loud speaker very worst.Who ever liking to hear songs in loud speaker please don't buy this model.Its totally not good effort.Video recording also clarity good but sound effort worst.Camera also rear 8GB but its working like 4GB effort only.
Other than this mobile all are good.(Like browsing,Mobile speed,etc..) 

 Some users were reviewing that this set has heating problem but I haven't encountered any thing till now. 
Besides that 2GB RAM, 16GB ROM, 8MP front cam, 2MP rear cam, Qualcomm processor, These are all in 7499/- . That is really like a fairyland. Soft keytouch and very sensitive.  
One drawback; RAM is always occupied between 700mb and 800mb.  

 the phone is good and its working condition is also good. only slight heating when using internet / other, the most important is when is purchased i did not receive headset with phone, please check all. 

 I have bought lenova6000+ on sale at june 2nd ,i use "in a day delivery" excellent shipping from the flipkart they deliver with gift wrap on the next day itself ,im planning it for my anniversary,so i really thank you for the good service keep it up..... 

 Bought this on 9th June. Got it three days later. Flipkart delivered it on time. Packaging was very nice. 9 out of 10 for Flipkart. 
Pros:
Phone is good. 
Looks is very good. 
UI on phone is good. 
High end games like N.O.V.A. 3,Asphalt 8, MC5, Real Racing 3 runs nicely.(sometimes fps drops) .
2 Gb of RAM and 1.2 GHz processer is good for multitasking.
Price is only 7K Plus & you get 4G. 
Cons:
Camera. (outdoor capturing nice but indoor is not so good)
Battery quickly dry out.(average use)
Heating problem.(just listening music and it's heat up) 
Happy to buy this phone. It's a pretty decent phone.
If you want to buy this go for it . You will not disappoint. 

 first of all the service of flipkart was very very fast. i got the product on the next day. now apart from that phone is just awesome. it is a good budget phone having many features. just go for it!!! 

 I received this phone on 5th June and till now no any problem faced. 
Battery life is good no any heating problem while online.
Able to watch HD video
sound quality is best (Dolby system)
Gaming performance also good
Packing and delivery by flipkart I want to give them 5 stars
Branding both the side (Front and Back) 
Notification Light is missing..... 
Go for it........ 

 Received the phone within 4 days of ordering , awesome delivery by Ws Retail.
Loaded features in Very Low Budget. 
1)First of all 2GB RAM makes the phone very faster, no lagging issues .. Till time no heating issues faced..16GB of inbuilt ROM, fr this no external memory required.  
2)5 inch 1280*720 HD Dispaly makes ur video or movie smarter. it can also play .mkv files, 1080p videos, DTS enabled movies, BR(Downloaded from torrent) movies also without any frame drop or lagging !!!  
3)Awesome loud dual speakers.. highly loud.. properly audible ringtones in high chaos.
## only problem is that the speakers are in backside, if u put ur mobile on bed or table, the sound will be suppressed. 
4) very lite Thin phone.. seems like u r holding a small remote. 
5)Inbulit game asphalt 8,spider man 
6)brilliant phone for music lovers, lots of features for music section.(i.e DOLBY) 
7)Inbuilt Dolby 
8)8MP rear and 2MP front cam.. brilliant quality in this range. 
9)can play Youtube video in 720p resolution  
10)kitkat 4.4.4 version, it could have given Lollipop . 
11)NO ISSUES OF BATTERY.WITH A SIMULTANEOUS USE OF FB,WHATSAPP,GAMES AND YOUTUBE, at the end of the day it still remains 55% of battery. 2 Days of battery life with heavy use.. 
**Only I found a drawback, there is no notification light option. if u get any msg or miss call , u will not be notified by any light . no notification light option is there .  
IN A WORD, BRILLIANT PHONE IN THIS BUDGET, NO HEATING ISSUES . 

 It heating too much from its back panel and battery also draining too much fast,while i am using it on call it heat around 50'C I feel that i put an heating pad into my pocket rather than Lenovo 6000 Plus.Another issue issue is Battery Drain.It shutdown into half an hour however it was 100% Charged.  
So please beware of it and replacement policy also will make you sick to service and they don't have any solution. 

 Great mobile for Rs.7000. Light weight, Gud camera, speed is Gud, works fine, only problem is heating.... 

 its performence is good and smooth but i am facing a problem of battery porblem and heat issue with phone and also requested three times for retun they are rejecting my request but i didnt expected from flipkart. 

 Awesome display, more than satisfactory camera, good processor and a smart looking handset. There may be a few shortcomings but you don't get much to complain in 7499. Screen guard in box given wasn't of good quality. Rest everything is more than satisfactory for me after 6 days of usage. No heating issue(nothing at all). Very good to formidable battery backup depending on usage. 

 During buying this phone i was thinking too much as lenova is not a known brand in Smart phones.However I need a Phone below 8k having good specs ,this was looks promising so i bought.once it came to my hand and I can say i have taken very correct decision.
Below are the pros and cons. 
Pros:With this money this is the only phone having Very Good specs So worth for money.
 Phone build is very good 
 light waited
 battery backup 
Cons:
 No gorilla Glass
 UI can be more attractive   

 Hello everyone, This is my first review so you can trust on my review. 
I have ordered Lenovo A6000 Plus before reading reviews. but after reading review I was lil bit worried. So my review based on 15 days of usage 
* Delivery was good, as I received my mobile within 3 days. Thanks flipkart for fast delivery
* Looks well
* Slim
* Awaysome UI
* Design is good
* Happy with HDR camera
* Didnt find any heating problem for normal usage
* Battry charging time is more than noraml phones. 
I am very much happy with this phone. 

 Hanging problem in the phone. This phone hangs suddenly while using and you will get a black screen. Pressing the power button or the volume rocker does not do anything. I got an exchange for the issue but the new phone also has the same problem. I think this is a problem with the phone only.  
Camera is also not up to the mark however using Google Camera app gives better picture. 
Battery backup is good.Vibe UI is also nice. 
Lenovo and Flipkart please correct the hanging problem... 

 I RECEIVED THIS Lenovo A6000 Plus ON 25/05/2015. ITS SPEED IS AMAZING BUT HEATS UP VERY FAST. 
I LIKE IT IN VIEW OF ITS PERFORMANCE.  
JEET BHUMBLA 

 I Got this phone next day from order, im impressed by flipkart
But disappointed from Lenovo, this is the 1st phone of my life which didn't come with handsfree.
i should've read package content before ordering the product, thats why im giving 4 star
EDIT 1 :- Facing heating issue in this phone
EDIT 2 :- After 2 days using this phone, i must say that this phone have major heating problem, i used it 15 minutes regular use and its like im holding a heater in my hand
Anyone facing the same problem like me?
i wont recommend anyone to buy his phone
please dont buy this phone 

 Delivery : 
Got my Lenovo in 2 days. Product was packed neatly and safely. 
*10/10* For fast Delivery 
First Look: 
Got my hands on the Lenovo A6000 plus which fits my hands perfectly. Got a screen guard free with it. Head Set is not included with this mobile which is a con. Overall look is fantastic
*9/10*  
Accessory:
Got a 1 amp Usb wall charger. It is a good quality charger which can get the phone fully c harged from 0% battery in about 3.30 hours. Screen guard was included.
*10/10* For a good charger 
Features
2 Gb Ram is required for a smartphone to run smoothly. Powered by the snapdragon 64 bit cpu the phone is quite good at this price range but the phone still lacks a Lollipop update wich can run on 64 bit os but currently is runs on 4.4.4 Android Kitkat which is 32bit. Lenovo will release a update soon. 
*10/10* 
Built Quality
Phone is slim and sleek and quite light. It has a flex plastic back cover which is quite strong and sturdy. Display is colorful and bright.
*10/10* For awesome built quality 
Battery Back up 
Phone's battery last for a very long time. It can run a whole day if you use it for internet browsing and gaming. 
10/10 
Gaming
Gaming experiance is awesome in this phone. Can easily handle all the high end games like Asphalt 8,Fifa 15,Dead Trigger 2 , 6 guns Smoothly without any frame rate drops.
But phone heats up during continuous gaming. 
9/10  

 Has Heating issue and it is like you can iron your clothes.
No need to connect the charger it gets heated on his own will. I will not be surprised if it will burst any time. 

 I recently got this Mobile.Design....Display is really good.It comes with 2 GB Ram and i can play almost all the game without any lag.8 MP rear Camera is quite good.What makes it more special is 4G .I had almost searched all website and no phone comes with all this features-2GB RAM,1.2 PROCESSOR,16GB ROM,8MP CAMERA,4G at that price.
Really worth to buy a budget phone. 

 I am using this device for about two weeks now and I am going to give some pros and cons of this device.
PROS:
1.Firstly I must say that the internal storage of this device is sufficient for even a power user.you get about 11.53 gigs for installing apps.Also the 2gb ram handles multitasking easily.
2.Secondly,this device does not heat up too much.For eg I played MC5,Asphalt 8 etc on this device but it did not heat up that much.
3.Thirdly,this is a very compact phone,as it would easily fit into your pocket.Good for rough use.
4.The battery life is also decent and if you are a heavy user then it would easily last for 1.5 days or so. 
Now some Cons
1.Firstly it does not have any gorrila glass protection.
2.Also in terms of looks,it is not a great device.
3.The front camera quality is not that good. 
(But overall I must say that its a good device and you can go for it if looks of a device does not matter to you) 

 Not a very great phone, but value for money. The UI is not great, it has heating and hanging problems 

 I have been using this for 3 days now. Was very skeptical about it because of mixed reviews, but till now I see no major issues.
Lot of reviews mention heating issues, I didn't experience that. I played Asphalt 8 for an hour, which is just enough to heat up a phone with any processor related heating issues. And by the way the gameplay was pretty smooth at default(medium) graphics setting :)
Having said that it did heat up while charging, but that is not really an issue.  
Pros:  
1. Very sleek design, super light weight. I don't even realize there's a phone in my pocket. 
2. Excellent configuration at this price. 2 GB RAM, Snapdragon quadcore 1.2 GHz, 16 GB ROM and one feature which was pretty important to me, expandable memory slot. 
3. Great display quality, it's a delight to watch HD videos on this one. 
4. 2300 mAh battery does quite well, I suggest you get a 2A charger as it does take 2.5-3 hrs to charge from 0-100 . It lasts a whole day with moderate-heavy usage. 
5. Though i didn't shoot a lot, the main camera seems pretty good. Just that indoor/low light shots have visible pixels in them.  
Cons: 
1. It runs kit-kat with Vibe UI on top. I really do not like the Vibe UI. It is not so smooth, lacks aesthetic appeal. I'm waiting for either a lollipop update or a stable Cynogen ROM. 
2. Front camera is not good, but hey, I'm no selfie freak, so works out for me ;) 
3. It does get heated up while charging.  
4. No cornering gorilla glass(buy a good tempered glass screenguard).  
Overall, I'd say It is definitely a steal at this price given that there's no deal breaker cons. 
Go for it! 

 Value for money and good to go with this. Every product has its own +&-. We should not expect more in this price. 

 I bought this phone for my mom last week from Flipkart. The delivery was so good. About the phone: It's really a budget phone packed with a lot of feautres. It's selfie (2MP) cam is good for taking amazing selfies. The back cam is not that good. It does provide you a 16GB internal storage. 2GB RAM and Quad core processor makes it work smooth. Light weight phone. Good battery backup. A worth buy under 10k. Go for it guys! 

 Sound Quality not at all good. its like old china handset with multiple speakers with vibrations and disturbance. 

 This review is based on after month usage. Overall good phone in this price. No lags, awesome performance, this mobile does not have any notification problem. I get notifications even if the app is not running in the background. 
Just one battery backup after immense use. 

 it is a good phone as it is light in weight , 2 gb ram and thin sleek design . i am giving it four star for white charger with black phone and without headphone. 

 Lenovo a6000plus is very heat & no battery backup 2-3 hours in battery backup, 
battery charging is 12 hours in full charg 

 It is getting hanged even for a simple game. Charge is lasting for less than a day. Very very slow device as compared to other mobiles with quad core. 
2GB RAM and 16 GB are attractive. But they are not useful......! Totally disappointed. 

 After 1 month of usage I realize that it is worth to buy this mobile.
When compared with redmi 2 it is lighter and there is no heating issue, whereas
there is some heating issue in redmi 2. In same range there is one more option Moto-E 2nd generation but I think Lenovo A6000 plus deserves the best. 

 having issue with notifications of wats app and facebook etc.plzzz give any feedback
others things are all ok.. cam is little bit hazy 

 what is bad:
slow charging battery, but drains out fast!!!!!!!!!
not good for playing candy crush(i can observe that the jelly's move slow compare to motog2)
so often there is a heating problem(inspite of chat in whatsapp for 10 mins).
Rear camera(8MP) is not so good. 
what is good: front camera, light in weight. 
i requested flipkart for refund, but they are accepting by blaming lenovo that lenovo cellphones are like this only.... am still waiting for refund, flipkart is cheating me by not giving me the refund. 

 I live at Howrah, West Bengal, ordered this product on 12th, got it by 14th may. Thanks flipkart..
It just 1 week is going, I am happy with my new phone. It is awesome, Camera quality is not so much high but it is good no doubt. Front facing camera is also good for good quality selfie. 2 gb ram is also good, I have always free 1.2 gb of 2 gb ram. Taking in hand my all friends said that this handset is fast enough. Dolby sound is awesome. Have a Smooth touch of 5 finger. Still now I have no issue. I dont know why other reviews are given here like heat engine etc etc...No, there is nothing heating issue. Battery is going for 1 day with keeping wifi online throughout the whole day.  
Now just I have installed AnTuTu Benchmark. After testing, score is 21072. Nice, it ranks just after the Zenphone 5. Below my handset, there are so many high range phones like Moto G, Xperia, etc etc... Those who know about benchmark score 21000, may understand what I want to say. 
I can recommend to to go for this phone. It is really a nice product. But dont blame me if, particularly your handset is not like me. Yes, obviously Being an Electronic good, the quality is just a luck for you. But I think am lucky... 

 This phone was presented by a gift for my birthday by my brother, I used this phone a lot. 
It is very Impressive, Still did not face any issue,especially heating, but most of the review says there is heating issue, but i did not face the heating issue, 
The design was really nice and the performance is extraordinary. I recommend you to go for it. 
Talking about the camera, My brother has Micromax Canvas Nitro it has 13 mp rear camera, we just compare the both camera performance Lenovo is prity good in low light but not in day time. It impressive in night and low light condition. video recording are also decent. 
I did not face any network issue, It is very smooth on browsing and chatting. 
The battery performance is good but not the best, but it is ok for moderate usage,it comfortable for one day. Played game for 15 miniues battery drop by 4 percentage. 
Almost you have more than 11 gb for User memory out of 16 gb. 
When talking about the Sound quality, Dolby is very impressive. I used my pc head phone (Zebronics head phone) for music, its really mind blowing, The surrounding sound is a master piece.The only disappointment is it does not comes with ear phone. And there is no solid Display Protection like Gorilla Glass 3 or Dragon Trail Glass. On 7500 it is a best Budjet device. 
The GPRS is fine : It shows my accurate location. 
I faced a slight lag when i am playing a game, but it is not irritative.(just a slight frame drop) I think it will fixed automatically after updating device. 
Overall Satisfied with this device. 

 Whorth for money, Nice Picture Quality, Battery Back Up Ok, 2gb Ram it helps too run better, over all Nice to use, But Headphone is missing in Box 

 very good camera both front and back, good HD display, lightweight, excellent storage...
@ this price lenovo has done a fine job. only problem is the lack of headphones but that does not hide other features. OVERALL BETTER THAN REDMI2 & MOTOE2. 

 Got delivery of the A6000+ on 21st May 2015 and as per 1 Day promise from Flipkart. 
Readers this is one hell of a phone, and for 7499/- this is a steal -- there is no other phone in the Indian market to beat this price and specs. 
Lets speak about some basic features that everyone around would usually use : 
1. Processor -- 64Bit Snapdragon 410 @ 1.2 GHz, don't look at the Ghz, there are faster speeds in the market but this is a Snapdragon 64 bit so the processing power is just enough to take you around in pride. I am able to play heavy high-end games flawlessly on this phone including Asaphalt 8 Airbourne, Real Racing 3, NOVA, NFS, etc and that too at FULL settings. The games don't lag even a bit  
Complimented with 2GB RAM Apps load super fast including the games, and with multiple apps running in the background the phone still has sufficient RAM to load more. 
2. Camera : 8MP BSI with a very powerful Flash, both from front and back cameras so a good job especially in low lit areas. Night photography or darkly lit places are usually a nightmare for most cameras however not with Lenovo A6000+. 
For today's life where one visits a pub or lounge and the place is not lit so well and we want to click some photos of friends !! Then the flash is powerful enough to light up the entire place and click superb photos. 
The flash also doubles into a very powerful Flash Light. 
3. HD screen @ 720p but flawlessly plays 1080p videos also, there is no Gorilla Glass or Dragontail or any other protection on it however one can easily but a tempered glass screen in after-market stores also on Flipkart (just in case you are careless with your phones) 
4. Battery -- This is the biggest enemy of all Android phone users, most low cost phones have 2000 mAh batteries that don't last more than 5-6 hours and one needs to be at charging point for most of the time. 
However, Lenovo has paid special attention to this factor and packed in a powerful 2300 mAh Polymer (removeable battery) battery which easily lasts 21-24 hours with moderate to heavy usage. 
My usage is 30-40 mins Games, 1 hour approx of calling, 3G always ON, Whatsapp is always ON and chatting on it through out the day, 2 hours of Music over Bluetooth, 4-5 hours browsing entire day. 
5. Speaker and Sound: Dolby Sound system and Dual Speaker give RICH and Crisp sound output especially while playing games or watching some video 
Please don't read reviews of users that say that this phone sucks or is horrible and all that. 
I am an end user and I have not come across any issues at all with this phone. 
Yet somethings I must state that maybe cons for most: 
1. Only 1 Sim Slot has 3G/4G support so if you are a dual simmer like me and need to switch 3G / 4G connectivity between two service providers then one has to open the back panel of the phone and switch SIMs manually 
2. The screen could have been shipped with a hardened material like Gorilla Glass or Asahi Dragontail -- however like I mentioned above there are after market solutions also available. 
3. The speaker output is not Loud yet the sound is crisp, that is because Dolby does not work in LOUD sounds, so if you want the speaker to sound louder then switch off Dolby 
And again at Rs.7499/- you go wrong with this phone 

 A very nice phone at this cost.
Mobile clarity is so good.
Front camera, very nice for to take selfie's also having good clarity at photos.
No hanging and heating problem.
Come to battery, 2300 mah, is ok for this phone.
Professional look.
Touch so good.
Weightless phone. 
Thanks for the Lenova, for providing this phone at lower cost with good clarity & RAM speed.
Friends i suggest u to buy this phone. 

 bahut jyada hining hota he our hang bhi bettry charging very silo bad prformes our touch bhi itna kas nahi he 

 I don't know why some bad reviews here. I purchased this mobile ,till now I didn't get any problem which is mentioned in bad reviews.
Graphics nice, no hanging, battery is also fine,
Even when you take photos it come above 1 mb flash work fine in dark, so in this price what is bad?
I think it is perfect to buy lenovo A60000 plus in this range. 

 Simply great phone within 7.5k Price bracket. Good selfie camera. fast- thanks to 2GB RAM and 12 GB ROM. Slim and sexy look. Good display and dolby digital sound. 
Now the problem is No Magnetic sensor support, therefore cant use compass apps on this phone, Battery life is not good enough. No LED Notification light, No Back light on rear bottom. Back camera is not 8MP. One sim slot is dedicated for 3G/4G, BUT another is 2G only. No head phone provided, Its ok as lenovo headphones are not good enough. 
Compare to pros and cons i would like to recommend for short time user, who want to use this for a year or year n half. NOT for long term user. 

 Review after 2 Weeks use working fine no issues only little heat while playing high definition games. great phone with this price 

 All the specifications are very good and the mobile is awesome in every aspect.But i am unable to recieve whats app notifications.... 

 Nice phone with ample specs and priced fiercely against competition.
No lags super, but battery last for a day only. 

 After reviwing so many phones and using YU, I have taken this mobile, pretty good. 
Very fast
NO problems with apps
No heating
Excellent 

 presently using it as secondary phone. Dont buy it if you have used samsung or sony previously. It has a pathetic touch response. Literally i have to press the surface to use this phone unlike sony/samsung. I have no complaints about the performance of this device. Regarding the software part, it has a quite a number of bugs. The settings get reverted to stock settings every now and then. If u r in a call and If someone calls in between, the number is not displayed. These are few major bugs. Overall I would rather go for better brand. 

 Im posting this after 1 week of usage. I have used Lenovo A6000 which i got for my mom before 4 months. its runs grealty.
 I Bought Lenovo A6000+ on May 5 Flash sale, got delivered within 48hrs. 
After 1 Week of usage :
Pros:
1.Battery comes for 1d 16 hrs on avg usage and 1d 2h on heavy usage.
2.Amazing Display.
3.1.35GB ram Spaces .
4.16gb ROM is enough.
5.Camera both are decent. (Remember ur getting phone for 7.5k and not 75k, so the cam quality differs) Decent in this range.
6. NO lags till now.
7.Sexy n slim, light weight, handy, when i keep in my pocket i dont feel a phone inside my pocket & Good Design.
8.No heating issues i faced on calls till 45-50mins. 
Cons: 
1. Heats after 1hr of game play usually happens.
2.No earphones.
3.Slow charging Takes upto 4 hrs from 2%-100%.
4.Back cover very light. Handle with Care while opening and closing. 
Finally : A MUST BUY PHONE FOR 8K RANGE. 
U can blindly buy this Product. 

 I am buy 3lenovo a6000 plusitss very good phone for this price and the quality on this phone is better than .lava.Micromax. Intex.Sony.sumsung.lg.geonie.phones in 10000 rs sounds quality its awseme camera is very good in night I like this phone but company not give a better earphone pls give it a better earphone pls 

 DESIGN ,FUTURES EXCELLENT PRODUCT AT LOWEST PRICE AND QUICK DELIVERY GOOD BACKUP BATTERY BOTH CAMERA VERY GOOD 

 It working is good..best packing precautions on delivery ....excellent mobile smooth touch wiyh 2 gb ram 16gb internal memory...finally simply gooood. 

 I was a samsung smart phone fan until I bought this mobile on the 28th Sale. I must admit I'm Truly Madly Deeply in love with this piece. Everything is right as it must be. Thanks Lenovo. 

 One word is enough.
Go for it.
Fantastic Display
Superb sound, Picture quality
Excellent speed
Wonderful touch  

 Strong Recommend for Buy, Very Good Phone With Nice Music Output Dolby, HD Display, 2 GB RAM, 5 Inch Display, Etc. The Battery life very good as compare Asus Zenphone5, Lava Iris X8 & Other 2gb RAM phone. Thanks Lenovo & Flipkart Team. Keep give such a nive products in future also. 

 I am using this mobile regular for two days and i say that this mobile is Baap of all android mobiles in this price range.I played many games such as SubwaySurfer,Minion Rush or Asphalt 8 without Lagging.This is the Best phone as i ever used.No heating Issues.
But there are some cons(not cons does not have some features)--  
1.Does not have any notification light for charging or messaging
2.No earphone 
3.No Gorilla glas 
But in this price i say best phone,I did not understand why customer gives bad reviews.I think that they want Iphone 6s feature in this price range as say Jitna milta hain utna kam hain 

 Not as good as it sounds. Build quality is very poor. The screen color reproduction is bad. Touch sensitivity is also bad. No gorilla glass. Camera ok. Battery backup not more than a day. Hangs sometimes and the os also lags a bit. No OTG support, compass. Also no option to return. Better go with moto e 2nd gen 4g. Except camera beast and best in class 

 I Have Purchased this mobile for my brother...  
1. No Head phone on box 
2. Good front Camera
3. Less wait.
4. Nice sound quality 
Overall 4/5 

 Thank you flipkart for delivering the product with no damages and also before the delivery date.. 
1. Handy phone with light weight.
2. Dolby sound worth for it.
3. Cameras are worth for this price 
Cons:
1. No earphones.
2. USB cable is too short  

 The mobile has very good specs and price is also attractive only thing is the availability of the colour is only grey if more colours this product become very attractive one 

 every thing is good :) :)
sound quality is amazing
selfie camera is quit less than zenfone 5 
bas yek headset v de diya hota 

 GOOD PRODUCT AWAITING SINCE JAN 2015. BUT LENOVO A6000 PLUS COME WITH 2GB RAM AND 16 GB INTERNAL ROM . LOVELY SPEED IN WI FI AND BLUETOOTH. RECOMMENDING ALL BUYERS TO GET 4G CONNECTIVITY IN 5-10K BUDGET WITH BEST BRAND OF LENOVO KNOWN FOR STRONG DESIGN IN FEATURE. 

 This mobile is worth getting for this price with 2 GB RAM and 16 GB ROM. Light weight, so that u won't feel that you are carrying a mobile with you. Mainly the preloaded apps with Lenovo security apps are worth using for safety of your mobile. 

 At first thanks to flipkart for this quick delivery..delivered before expected date..
Phone is great at this price.. All features are good..Drawback only the camera..not upto the mark..Also no head phone inside the box pack.. 

 best phone ever in these price group.Only one Issue no light in all three Navigation Keys so a bit problem in night to operate phone but not a major problem. 

 This mobile was delivered to me very vastly. Thanks to flipkart.
In this budget this is good smart phone with awesome features.... 
----Look and feel is very good.
----light weight..
----Display is good.
----Front camera is very good.Back camera is good.
----Pixel resolution is good.
----Processor speed is good.
----Supporting large games because of 2GB RAM.
----Sound quality is good. 
Cons:----
----Back door is very delicate,not strong one.
----Not a Corning Gorilla glass.
----Little bit heating issue.
----Head phones not provided.  

 Beautiful phone with great build quality!! worth every money spent! Very light in hand and no lags, no hanging so far. An excellent phone, capable of handling all your communication needs with good enough camera. I would highly recommend this phone to any one who is getting into smartphone world without any doubt. Flipkart makes the entire purchase experience a cakewalk! 

 Genuine review after use of 9 Months.  
Ordered it on 28th April 2015 & Received it on 2nd May 2015 from Flipkart.  
Good things about the phone :  
1) 5 inch display with 1280*720 (HD) pixels 
2) Quallcomm Snapdragon 2 GB RAM 
3) 16 GB Internal Space 
4) Better Front Camera even it is only 2 Megapixel 
5) Light Weight phone - 128 gm only. 
6) Dolby Digital speakers 
7) Good battery backup. Max - 15 Hours Min - 12 Hours with continues use of internet.  
Bad things about the phone & accessories :  
1) Earphones are not available with phone. Only screen guard and Charger provided. 
2) OTG not supported. ( which can be ignored looking at the price of phone.) 
3) Cheap quality of back cover. ( which can be ignored looking at the price of phone.)  
I will recommend people to buy this phone as it is better phone in average budget.
Lenovo should provide earphones at least. 
Well done !! Lenovo !!! 

 Oh, when this beautiful piece of engineering came under my hood, I was insanely excited. I had been viewing this smartphone for past few days on and when an upgrade "plus" came , I drooled over it. The specs 2GB RAM and humongous 16GB is the best combination offered by the company at 7500.  
I am loving it and it's design. I cannot take my hands off her. Love it.  

 A very nice phone, probably the best in money to satisfaction ratio...I have used Asus Zenfone 5...trust me that is the only comparable phone under 10 k...forget moto g or moto e.1 or 2 dosn't really matter..they are things of past....Zenfone has awesome UI and very useful inbuilt apps..It's camera is top notch...on the other hand...battery sucks,,,screen not that great,,,and heats when you charge,play game and on call...not that much but stilll...this phone..UI not the best...but very good...battery excellent...2gb ram...16gb internal space..runs very smoothly without any issues at all...only reason not a 5 star is screen does not have gorilla glass and some tweeks are req in ui... 

 Excellent gadget worth the money invested. Best in class of 2G RAM, Excellent picture quality. weather touch & light weight 

 horror moves hot scene videoduj Lenovo A6000 Plus' cameras deliver mixed results. Photos snapped in daylight are impressive, whether it's a close-up or long shot. It struggles in low-light, and the HDR mode and flash aren't recommended either. For more details on the camera and performance, stay tuned for our full review of the A6000 Plus. Until then, you can check out our unboxing and first impressions very good. 

 Phone is perfect for gamers and heavy app users, it is feather light (you don't believe it just hold it and it would be the first statement) , the feel is great especially the back cover good grip. The phone has got a very good display and nice pre-loaded apps. 
The Camera should have been on a higher side is the only con else it is a must buy phone if you are looking for one which has features of a 15 K+ Phone with a price less than 10K :) 

 simply super price tag
good battery back up
nice display 
good touch
sound quality excellent
antutu score 21k both a6000 also
overalllllllllllllllll nice buy it 

 positive: 
2 gb ram is perfect,
battery performance is good,
stand by time is excellent, 
cam 8mp is good but night snap little noise but its okay,
front 2mp is superb,
call quality is superb,
gaming performance also super with dolby, 
negative: 
no head phone ,
taking little extra time for charging (a6000 taken long time to charge but a6000+ is got improve), 
totally the phone is rocking , at the time we cant forgotten the seller (ws retail is the best seller in my online shopping history , already i have buy more item in ws retail only ) 

 Best Phone, No Lags and Very Smooth interface. Speacially battery backup is also good. Camera Rear n Front are Good. No issues after 1 week of usage. 

 hi guys i m very very happy to buy this product, this is excellent product in our budget, first time in my life bought such a nice mobile.Every thing is nice just buy it hurry ,,,,, 

 i am writting this review after 2 days of use 
pros.
touch is very sensitive
display is vibrant and viewing angle is awesome.
VibeUI 2.0 is very smooth. you will definitely love it.
rear camera is ok. front camera is good for skype calling.
after 3 hours of use battery reduced by only 19% (45%-26).
i can play loud music approximately with no distortion.
the build quality is decent and u will have a good feel while holding the handset in hand.
snapdragon 410 is performing up to its mark. no lag.
2 gb ram and 16 gb internal memory guys. ''BAAP OF PERFORMANCE''
cons.
no back lit button, may be a problem in dark night.
honestly speaking, didn't find any remarkable one. 
you cannot expect very impressive and high performance from such a low budget VFM handset.
Overall its a nice one. go for it. 

 Awesome phone in this price. Better than others: 
Sound Quality is awesome.
Screen quality is very nice - rich bright color
weight is just 128gm.
NO Heating Problem 
Overall a good buy at this price point... 

 very good phone but why?
Battery backup good around 12 hrs ( watching 3 movies with full brightness and net surfing around 3 hrs , 2 hrs video playing, charge becomes 100 to 3% )
Good camera : lenovo used Sony CMOS sensor
rear cam in daylight and low light it is superb but in very low light not good
Colour production vary up to 10 %
Front camera is good
Fast Ram :
2gb DDR3 533MHz , available ram is around 1.35 GB that's very good 
Processor: Antutu benchmark score is 20089
no lag when playing medium range game and when watching full HD videos even playing inbuilt video player
Very fast openning apps
Very low heat produced when download via 3g
Disadv:1. loose fitting back cover
2. No lollipop
3. No earphones
Conclusion: Who thought buying a Samsung phone under rs 14000 i think that is very dangerous decision because low speed processor , ram frequency is low always hang , very poor battery backup only only camera quality is little better than that ad compared to 8 mp Samsung camera. My Samsung frd Amit also upset when he saw my phone it is much better than smasung 7562 in all terms as even taking camera quality.
If u not like this product u are looking for others product like micromax yureka , xiaomi redmi 2 huawei honor 4x
But are budged is low and your main agenda is camera up can wait for huawei honor play 4c and it will be launched in mid may,2015 ( around rs 7999) 

 Excellent Product and features at very reasonable prices..only drawback no headphone included...even screen guard is included in the box...if u r planning to buy this phone dont wait...buy it with flip cover bcoz cover not available in the market as it is new launch 

 Hi Guys!!! 
Wonderful performance, Camera quality is too good , Touch response is smooth, sound quality is awesome, Slim phone with no hanging and no heating issue.
Good Going LENOVO and Hats off to Flipkart for fabulous response. 

 no lag .fast superb camera in daylight.but in night not too clear.no heating problem .really loved it 

 Lenovo A600 plus is a fine product for the amount of 7499 rupees. And delivery from flipkart is also good. They delivered me the product within two days. 

 Just as the name suggests, "PLUS", it definitely is an upgrade from the A6000.
First impressions - super cool phone with great design, feels good in hand, crisp and a vibrant display, the much needed 2GB of RAM and 16GB Internal Space is just awesome, and the camera quality is really good... 
The not so good things - No OTG Support, No Andoird Lollipop (the phone will eventually get one but for now have to settle with the Kitkat Version), No headphones included in the box. 
None the less, a superb phone by Lenovo. Kudos to them and Flipkart (for the quick delivery :) )
For a price of 7.5k, this is the best in the market... Go grab one in the next Flash Sale.. 

 i use this mobile about 1 day full it's awesome .............
i like so much..............
it;'s really great......  

 Awesome performance by the phone after upgrading the RAM to 2 GB. Storage space is also sufficient. Rest is same as its predecessor A6000. Thanx to flipkart for providing the product at such decent rate. 

 The product I was looking for! 
Best in class according to the price. Awesome features and crystal clear HD display with no hangups of the OS. 
Especially, its very light weight! Its a Gift for my wife and she loved it! 
Recommended if you dont want to spend much and get the best in the market. 

 After using the mobile for 10-15 minutes only, mobile is getting very hot. Which is the crucial problem with this. You cant take in your hand nor you can keep in your pocket. 

 First for Flipkart: 
Order phone on 29th April 2015, 4:11PM and got the phone delivered on "30th April 2015, 9:40AM". They have delivered the phone in 17 hours :-) Guys at Flipkart Rock! 5 ***** to them. 
Now coming to the phone features.
Pros:
1. Decent Budget phone at 7.5k
2. Speaker quality is good
3. Lenova UI is also good to go with.
4. No lag at all, thanks to 2GB ram.
5. Better Battery Backup. You could easily get up to 30 hours of moderate to high usage. 
Cons:
1. Camera quality both rear and front could have been better.
2. No head phones. I understand this is a cost cutting factor but was expecting their older version had head phones. 
Will have to use and see how it performs over the period. But overall with first three days of usage, I am happy with the phone. 

 It's awesome.. 
Pros:
Affordable price ( with all the specs required by a common user )
sleek design & Light weight ( single hand operation )
Long battery life & looking bright @ 0 brightness ( even though 2300 mah )
RAM 2 GB is adding great value to the phone
Vibe ui
rear /front camera picture quality
 Dolby Speakers are treat to ear 
Cons:
** The phone comes without headphone**
No Notification Light ( its mandatory Now a days )
Gorilla Screen ( so that we can use it roughly )
No head set ( even though Lenovo headsets r useless :P )
Build quality looks poor & sensitive if u observe with out back panel
OTG not supported 

 Bought this device on 19th Oct 2015 and within 5 days of usage, started experiencing ghost touches. Sometimes it scroll pages on its own, sometimes random selections happen, sometimes the screen doesn't even respond at all.
I installed the multi-touch app and found out the screen is reading touch inputs even when I'm not touching at all.
I looked up the problem online and to my surprise, almost everyone is experiencing this. Even the replacement unit Flipkart gives out faces the same issue.
So if you are going to buy this device, do reconsider and look for alternatives. 

 I have recently purchase this phone, after using a month its HOME key stopped working. 
Look for other reliable brands before finalizing your order. 

 I am very unhappy with Flipkart for delaying my Refund despite several emails & calls !
in your FAQ, you have mentioned that for orders cancelled before shipment, refund will be given immedietly !!
BUT IT 15 DAYS & STILL AMOUNT HAS NOT BEEN CREDITED TO MY ACCOUNT !
HAVE DECIDED NOT TO ORDER ANYTHING THRU FLIPKART HENCE FORTH,& THE SAME MATTER WILL BE POSTED IN MY WHATSAPP, FACEBOOK ,TWITTER SO THAT PEOPLE KNOW HOW UNPROFESSIONAL FLIPKART IS !!!!!!   

 I booked a Lenova A6000 Plus by paying Rs.7499/- and it was delivered within two days, but the product performance is not good as the Incoming Calls voice is not audible and as per the advice I have downloaded App to check and your product specialist called on 20th Jan, but not able to get problem solved.
Now I received SMS informing that "We regret to inform that seller has disapproved your return request for Lenovo ....in the Order OD 304930328193482000. Please check you email for more details or click here:...............bla blab
and expressed sincere apologies for inconvenience caused. Feel free to reach out to us for further clarification. 
What is the fun of reaching your customer care for further clarification. I strongly believe with this experience that We should not place orders for any product from Flipkart and request the flipkart not to market Lenovo products which ultimately get bad name to Flipkart.  

 I have received the product in good condition. 2GB RAM and 16GB internal memory in this budget is good. Tried accessing as of now no lagging observed. Good to have a smartphone with good configuration in the budget of 7499/-. If they have given headset it would have been added plus point to the initial registered buyers. 

 1 : great fast delivery less then 22 hours 
2 : mobile speed is very fast with 2 GB ram & 1.2 GHZ Quad core CPU
3 : battery back up is very nice after full charge with 3G internet use, play games still 34 % remain 
4 : display is very bright & sharply clear
5 : both camera is great
some user write no headphone, no back light in touch button in this price you will get so much so don't worry buy this phone   

 Was little hesitant to try out a new phone brand such as lenovo. But eventually came along after I bought Lenovo A7000. This is quite good and suits your needs.
Pros :
2GB RAM, 16GB Internal Storage, Twin Dolby Speakers (quite attractive), fast processor.
Cons :
No earphones !! are you kidding me ! Primary camera is not as good as secondary, comes with Kitkat instead of Lollipop, no default themes which is pretty bad. 
Overall, it is a good phone for the best price. Thanks to Flipkart team for making the delivery in time. 

 VERY LIGHT WEIGHT PHONE WITH A GOOD SCREEN AND BATTERY BACK UP. PHONE WAS DELIVERED TO ME IN 1 WORKING DAY FOR A NOMINAL FEE. NO COMPLAINTS WHATSOEVER. 

 Got the Phone today , 
1) Excellent Display 
2) good Camera quality 
3) Very fast for games and multitasking 
4)sleek design and light weight 
5)Detects laptop for transferring files in MTP mode ( Media transfer) in microusb/charging port
6) Hopefully get the Lollipop upgrade soon. 

 its very good android mobile. i bought it on 28 apr 2014. in two days i checks and use all features performance . its nice one 

 Hi All, 
i am using this phone from past 15 days. from last 5 days i am facing heating issue and phone is switching off every 15 min i placed a complete to flipkart but flipkart told me to check in service center and closed my case. 
i never know WS retails is no cheater
where is the 30 days replacement. . 

 Firstly i bought Lenovo A6000 on the very first sale and i was really very impressed with the looks for just 7k. Built quality was ok for the price but specs were really great. 
After a month or two, i again ordered the same phone and was happy with it. Again in march i ordered redmi 2 and to be honest redmi 2 was a perfect blend of built quality, looks and performance. Due to some reasons i replaced the redmi 2 and Lenovo A6000 Plus was in the market. 
As A6000 was the great device for me, i thought Plus will be much better than that. But was extremely disappointed to see that the finishing and built quality was suffered. I replaced the phone for 5 times as there were very minor problems which i din't expected from Lenovo. Firstly there was a air gap between bezel and display of the phone, after that, the replacement i received was again having a flash problem; flash was loose, it was making a tickling kind of noise every time you hold your device or keep it back or throw on your bed. And again i asked for replacement, but this time they provided me with refund. Again i ordered the same, and the back cover fitting was not proper, there was a gap in bottom part of the cover and flash problem also existed, so replaced it again. The replacement i received was again faulty, display was scratched...! I was literally irritated by flipkart, again got the refund.  
Again ordered the same phone and this time it was a used phone....!!! Seal was tampered and box was taped with a transparent plastic tape...! So decided to quit flipkart...and asked for the refund..!! Flipkart asked me to ship product to their place as there was no logistic service available in our area according to flipkart...! And this was the second time flipkart asked me to do ship product to banglore. For the first time i shipped the phone via fedex, costed rs.222 for that and the money was refunded in flipkart wallet. You can use this for future orders and applicable only if you buy product from the specific seller i.e, W.S. Retail. Height of frustration....!!!!!!! 
It was a hectic time i have gone through, and all thanks to flipkart. 
But i personally liked the very much and again dared to go for it. This time i payed via debit card and hence rs.222 was less as it was in flipkart wallet. 
Ordered a white one this time and was surprised to see the premium looking white back panel and thankfully this time i received a good piece whit no such flaws. 
Alright people, this was the story, cant't expect much quality and finishing for a budget phone; but motorola still provides a rugged moto e for 5k, although it lacks the specs but provides a tough phone with zero built quality and finishing issues. 
I hope everyone is very much clear about A6000 Plus's performance and specs...Thumbs up for the same...!! 
A humble request for flipkart; please provide a section where people can upload images in their reviews. 
Thank You... 

 Firstly i bought Lenovo A6000 on the very first sale and i was really very impressed with the looks for just 7k. Built quality was ok for the price but specs were really great. 
After a month or two, i again ordered the same phone and was happy with it. Again in march i ordered redmi 2 and to be honest redmi 2 was a perfect blend of built quality, looks and performance. Due to some reasons i replaced the redmi 2 and Lenovo A6000 Plus was in the market. 
As A6000 was the great device for me, i thought Plus will be much better than that. But was extremely disappointed to see that the finishing and built quality was suffered. I replaced the phone for 5 times as there were very minor problems which i din't expected from Lenovo. Firstly there was a air gap between bezel and display of the phone, after that, the replacement i received was again having a flash problem; flash was loose, it was making a tickling kind of noise every time you hold your device or keep it back or throw on your bed. And again i asked for replacement, but this time they provided me with refund. Again i ordered the same, and the back cover fitting was not proper, there was a gap in bottom part of the cover and flash problem also existed, so replaced it again. The replacement i received was again faulty, display was scratched...! I was literally irritated by flipkart, again got the refund.  
Again ordered the same phone and this time it was a used phone....!!! Seal was tampered and box was taped with a transparent plastic tape...! So decided to quit flipkart...and asked for the refund..!! Flipkart asked me to ship product to their place as there was no logistic service available in our area according to flipkart...! And this was the second time flipkart asked me to do ship product to banglore. For the first time i shipped the phone via fedex, costed rs.222 for that and the money was refunded in flipkart wallet. You can use this for future orders and applicable only if you buy product from the specific seller i.e, W.S. Retail. Height of frustration....!!!!!!! 
It was a hectic time i have gone through, and all thanks to flipkart. 
But i personally liked the very much and again dared to go for it. This time i payed via debit card and hence rs.222 was less as it was in flipkart wallet. 
Ordered a white one this time and was surprised to see the premium looking white back panel and thankfully this time i received a good piece whit no such flaws. 
Alright people, this was the story, cant't expect much quality and finishing for a budget phone; but motorola still provides a rugged moto e for 5k, although it lacks the specs but provides a tough phone with zero built quality and finishing issues. 
I hope everyone is very much clear about A6000 Plus's performance and specs...Thumbs up for the same...!! 
A humble request for flipkart; please provide a section where people can upload images in their reviews. 
Thank You... 

 I have purchased a smartphone LENEVO A6000 plus bearing the order no. OD203587599446565800 dated 08.08.2015 which%"0was delivered on 14th august,2015. After receiving the product which found in Lenevo A6000 packing instead of Lenevo A6000 plus. But the confusion soon made clear by physically checked the RAM & ROM. After using 1st day in the very beginning of 2nd day the touch screen seems to be not working partially. 
Some parts of my screen do not respond at times but after a few hours it again starts responding. I have decided to return the same by flipkart return policy(Return ID: 27313859)). The representative called me next day ask to do Factory RESET. He shared the troubleshooting steps which i did exactly but i could not find any solution regarding the touch screen issue. But the representative close my return request without my consent or without solving the problem.
 As the return request ( (Return ID: 27584079)) the representative called me over phone and asked me to carry out the installation of Smartchk App. I did exactly what he told me over phone and check the functionality of the touch screen and also asked me to perform system update. Then he instructed me to switch OFF and ON the phone and check the problems whether the issue resolve or not. But unfortunately the problem is still not solved and few portions of 5 inch screen are not working. This time also flipkart close my return request again. But i have put another return request ( (Return ID: 27894350) ( 4th time ) to inform you that I did factory reset, I did system update, I did install smart chk....now whats the next........
Today they again called me and asked me to bring the phone to service centre. But the question is that why should I go to service centre. Why should 
Today your representative asked me to take out the phone to service centre. 
Do you think its a good idea to bring the phone to service centre.Your people are kept my life with troubles for the last 7-8 days. If you go to history you can see I have put 5 times return request , everytime you bring a msg to me that We have shared a few troubleshooting steps that'll help fix the issue you've been facing. But how can i make you understand that it has not been solved. If i go to service centre definitely they will take remedial measures to correct the problem. But then why are you saying that there is a return policy. I think you please let me know the procedure of make you understand that i stated true. How can i prove myself . 
Now you are going to tell me by having this msg that we will get back to you and short out your issue. But issue is still here.  
Now The question is that
1. Where is flipkart friendly return policy.
2. Why problem is not rectified after factory reset.
3. why should I go to service center as the product is very new.
4. Why should I go for factory reset as the mobile is very new.
5. Why return request close without resolving the problems.
Is flipkart wants me to submit the return policy again and again or making it up to the expiry date of return. Atlast today I come to know thae your return policy is not valuable for Electronics item at any cost. 
I am totally irritated, frustrated, upset with this circumstances. I had purchased so many items from flipkart but i never had such kind of absurd situation.  

 Bad experience from Customer care and why they are rejected the return request still iam not understand.I have the problem with battery charging but they are convincing with words but not accepting for replace....it's tooo Bad,and they are saying please read the return policy or visit nearest service center bought on 28/08/2015.return request on 06/09/15 rejected on 8/09/15.Very BAD....support from flipkart. 

 Worst service from flipkart customer care.
They mentioned "30 day Replacement Guarantee" but if any problem in mobile they won't accept ur reason. 

 with out Quality checking lenovo mobiles send to coustemers,my mobile phone received and inserted the battery it is not switched on,Return policy also very terrific,customer care support also very poor. 

 Camera is not good i am getting blur when i am taking pictures, if you compromise for camera rest every thing is good for this price. 

 its my mistake to buy this product, this is worst mobile i have ever seen.anybody reading this please tell all your circle to stay away from this brand.... 

 i buy this phone MAy-2015 and face issue OVERHEATING AND BATTERY DRANNING FAST then i visit service center they told me your phone is physically damage so now out of warrenty my phone body damage in corner slightly but they told me now whole phone out of warrenty and not ready to accept and i told him give me the same thing in on paper they reject my request and told me we are not authorize for this.. 
NOW TELL IF ANY THING HAPPEN WITH ME DUE TO OVERHEATING WHO IS REPOSIBLE FOR THIS 
SO I REQUEST DONT BUY ANY LENOVO PRODUCT ..... BAKWAS BRAND... 

 I bought it about a month ago and it was automatically turning off every 3-4 days even if charged and placed on table (i.e. no jerk). I got it replaced 4 days back. Now this new phone is also automatically turning off. Why God Why?? 
UPDATE: 23/6
It's not power off as one has to either remove the battery or press the power button for 15 seconds to get it back. So, it seems to be hang/freeze issue. It occurs when it's connected to wifi and gets to sleep mode. So, turned off battery saving during wifi in advanced settings.
UPDATE: 26/6
Changing the settings didn't help, as the phone went to sleep of death(i.e. freeze with black screen) again today with 75% charge. 
UPDATE: 28/6
Asked flipkart for replacement again. The call-person did factory reset of the phone. 

 I am a regular buyer from Flipkart and I was very happy with my purchase until I purchased this product. This has disappointed me totally. The phone delivered to me is of very poor quality, it hangs very frequently. Takes days to charge and once charged gets discharged very quickly. Raised a complaint and it was rejected without giving any reason. The support team had initially said they will call to fix the issue later in the day and no one called back and sent an sms that the return is rejected. 

 This is the worst mobile. I have bought it two months back. It suddenly gets switched off.. Out no reason ...!!! .and I had to remove my battery and switch it again, So when I reported the same to Flip-kart and they replaced my phone with new piece,.. I was happy for that.. Same problem with my new phone also.. It got switched off nearly 10 times yesterday. I had to remove battery each time and switch on again..!! WTH...! Why for me... ?!!! 

 LENOVO A6000 PLUS I WAS PURCHASED AND AFTER SOME DAY MOBILE WAS HEAT AND CHARGING NOT PROPER. I HAVE COMPLAIN TWO TIME ABOUT IT BUT FLIPKART CUSTOMER CARE EXECUTIVE REJECT MY COMPLAIN TWO TIME. 
VERY BAD EXPERIENCE OF THIS PRODUCT AND CUSTOMER SUPPORT.  

 TOO LATE DELIVERY 7 DAYS AGO NO START STATUS PRODUCT WAS NOT RECIVE CUSTMOR NOT RESPOND ON MY PHONE I AM TRY DAILY 5 TIMES MY PHONE TOTALY CUT ON FLIPKART CUSTMAR CARE SORRY SORRY TODAY SEND TODAY SEND DAILY TALK WITH ME BUT NOT SEND 

 I booked Lenovo A6000Plus It is booked on 23rd June... till date it is not shiped from the Seller... Seller is too late in shiping the product. 
Waste Service. 

 There was no earphone in the Box and received the products in Allahabad city in 10 days. Phone features are good. 

 worst service witnessd till now from flipkart. I orderd a piece of lenovo 6000 plus and suddenly without any prior notice they cancelled my order not giving me any reason for the same after keeping me waiting for a week. I orederd another fresh piece for second time and this time they gave me a date 15 days later and that too colour was not available 

 The Specification looks attractive... Even the phones looks good aesthetically.. But that ends there... I was very skeptical before ordering this phone since I had earlier bought Lenovo A6000 which I got it replaced thrice & believe me all the three phones had the same problem (mic not audible)... I was totally disappointed...
Now this one yes knowingly I made a very big mistake to buy this one.. 
Touch screen is not working on arrival... I have requested for a replacement & I'm waiting to see how replacement phone works.. I will certainly update if I find any problem even with the replaced phone.. 
I strongly recommend please don't buy any of these cheap Chinese phones with Lenovo branding..  
Update: After replacement
Even the replaced phone is having touch problem & when Flipkart Executives checked it through smart check app the it showed that there is no problem with the phone..
Hence replacement disapproved.. 
I suggest people not to buy any Lenovo products.. 

 Don't buy A6000 plus lot of hardware issue. I purchased this phone and realized that it is heating up too much even if the phone is kept idle and battery was draining very fast. 
Suddenly phone is not charging i have given handset to service center diagnose the problem in mobile phone mother board problem and replacement take 15 days
my suggestion don't buy A6000+ better is A7000 as compair these phone 

 Flipkart, this is very much irritating i have ordered the product much before than my friends and i have received the product late compare to my friends 
Product and Package quality is great 

 Bought two mobile, one among them is excellent.
The other phone have some issues, I am demanding for replacement seven days back.
I spent Rs. 7500 on this product and expecting good product. 
I am demanding for replacement to the current mobile. 
But Flipkart team saying that their technical team will call me regarding this issue, I have been waiting since a week. But no one called me so far. 
I totally get irritated with Flipkart executives reply and their services. 
This is my first bad experience with Flipkart since two years.  

 if u think of to buy this phone seriously u will only get regret. flipkart has worst services and is fake seller they sell more then half of defective products and doesn't take replacement and refund . this phone heats above 50 degree celcius u can check it by *#*#4636#*#* in battery info . and its battery back up it on stand by is 3 hours m not faking u seriously u will only get regret if u buy this product service from lenovo is worst . they reject my replacement request two times. if u buy from amazon and u get defective product they didn't even ask u a single question its ur choice whats u want refund or repacement and u will get it in 2 days , this is only flipkart who makes fool of people by saying that we are apologizing for inconvinienced to you we will solve your issue in next two days and guys that next two days will come after one weak , u become fool by flipkart , there is no flipkart ADVANTAGE scheme by flipkart , cuz there is NO REPLACEMENT for this product . 

 I had purchased this phone on 28th April sale and received immediately next day. Unfortunately, i received a defective phone and it is getting shut down randomly, the battery back up is also not good. Overall, other phone features are good as compared to its price.
Flipkart is selling the defective products along with WS Retail to earn more money and clear their defective products in the market. They are really cheating the public. Please avoid buying Lenovo a6000 plus or any other products from them. Atleast Lenovo should stop giving their product to Flipkart and WS Retail.
My request for replacement of defective phone is still not addressed which i raised on 4th May with flipkart. The customer care is worst and even don't listen the return request.
I am really losing my time and getting stressed due to Flipkart's poor behavior on my return request.
@Flipkart - Please take my request seriously and do the needful in getting me new phone at the earliest. 

 With extreme sorrow I am writing this review to bring your kind notice the sufferings that I had due to irresponsible and highly un-professional conduct from your support and your product.
I would like to mention that I ordered a Lenovo a 6000 plus from flipkart and there is heating issue and battery drain issue.I personally called and requested the cc executive 8 times to fixed the issue or replacement ASAP because it was crucial for me to received it before 10-May-15..
No one here to help you.. 
I would like to mention that my genuine grievance had been unheard and your cc executive and floor manager had shown no interest or enthusiasm in helping me out.Which forces me to write this review ... 
With due respect I am requesting you to replace my product in 24 hours else consider my this purchase to be my last with flipkart.. 

 Received a faulty product, but the interesting factor is Flipkart is not taking any steps from May 4 to replace the product, which was not expected. I always opted Flipkart because of their service support, yet to be caution in future orders. A warning for the customers..... 

 I ordered the product on 12th May but still haven't got the product and after repeated followup they are telling there is a Mismatch in PINCODE and address but I used to get the product with the same details earlier.  
On 17th they telling the product will be delivered by 21st even they can't send the product 1 day delivery also. 
Finally I think they don't have the products but they sold and kept our Money with them.\
It is the worst service I am getting& response from call center. 

 I used this phone from last week, it has heating problem every time it heated a lot. I raised a request for return and refund but one of flipkart executive rejected my return request. Now I will put this incident on social media platform, blogger, my website and classified site. 
As flipkart screwed me I will spoil it's goodwill it is not a big task for me, as a SEO expert to publish an article...  

 Attention please !!!! Listen Listen give you time for two min it may help you from being fraud. 
And if you have already buy please check its WIFI HOTSPOT AND USB TETHERING its not working its very important whenever you are on destination travelling and if you rae technical person with you other gadgets. 
My request to all customer who is reading this review don't buy this product if you wast your time and money.  
 Dont buy from Flipkart and lenovo and WS Retailer because my personal experience last one month. I ordered Lenevo A6000 Plus on 28th April. I am web professional.I have specially bought lenovo A6000 plus for hotspot and tethering use for my laptop and other gadgets but its not working the device was facing connectivity problem.Very bad device don't purchase it.
 Lenovo A6000 plus has also battery draining and heating issue.I have contacted flipkart customer care they cant resolved issue. I have also visited lenovo service center many times but they told our server is down.  
 Totally this device very costing me because my work and business stopped then they told that they will call back for refund but till not come call from flipkart.I demand my refund for this device. I call every day to flipkart 2 times everyday but they do not give answer so flipkart customer care service is very bad. 
Then they give me replacement but replacement item also defective WIFI HOTSPOT and USB TETHERING technical team has taken more time but after technical team rejected my refund request they told me that you don't know how to use but i am web developer and technology mind person but i am sure HOTSPOT AND USB TETHERING issue in this product should be in every peace.  
 First time this product you face very good in budget but its wrong you fill sure very bad experience after buy it. All are Chinese product you know very well abut Chinese product.  
Ye dekhne aur sunneme achhi lagti hai but use karnke me achhi nahi hai  
Please don't buy lenovo products and don't buy from FLIPKART and don't buy CHINESE PRODUCT and don't buy from WS RETAILER its very bad service from both. 

 Hi, 
I am not getting for the replacement for my newly bought Lenovo A6000 + mobile. 
Order ID: OD202828650684330100
Order Date: 12 May, 2015 5:16 PM 
My phone is dead from yesterday & not getting charged.
After logging the request for replacement Flipkart technical person says that they will not replace it as they don't find any issue. 
Now my question is that how can they say that they don't find any issues with a dead phone & deny for replacement when it is still under replacement warranty?
Also they deliver the product in my area but don't have any pickup, what kind of service it is?
I have to bear courier charges, I will be left without a phone for about 5-6 days(atleast) in such replacement. 
I will be surely taking it as example for future & will not make any order with flipkart.
If possible I will also be going for any legal actions against it. 
Regards,
Manish Bansal​  

 Screen guard is not received in this lenovo a6000 plus pack and otherwise product is good & working fine 

 I bought is yesterday and this mobile is very good, espcecially I like the display. Camera front & back are good. It plays 720P or 4K videos well without any haziness. Browising experience is also very good. It is far better than Xiomi & Moto E (2g), in all aspects especially color reproduction & performance wise. Mobile is slim. 
Con: No headset provided in the box
I feel if they provide multiple color back covers that would enhance the mobile's look. 

 Internet connective issue, not supporting wifi mobile data, dead slow,, went to service center & they told you return this product. 

 I am using A6000, it is good in quality and good performance.but A6000+ has poor wi fi range and poor network, it get heat up on playing games. 

 1. Battery Consumption problem, battery charging is very slow and only 3 hours backup from fully charged battery. 
2. Heating problem 
3. Back camera (8 MP) quality is average. images are blur 
4. No Earpiece with phone. 

 Don`t by this phone 
very worst product 
This phone is mini heater not mobile 
battery dry quikly  
first five days working in good condition 
Then next days starting the issue one by one 
life time worst product 
please don`t ever by this phone  

 world's worst device, what lenovo A6000 Plus clam the software which are in the device are there, but the hardware is very poor to handle these all software...... my suggestion is to never go with this device. my points are......
1. heating problem- continue use of device more then 10 min
2. quality of material is very low.
3. camera quality is very poor (in zoom).
4. I don't want to give any star to this product but I have to ( cause without that I am unable to give this valuable review to all my friends who are planning to purchase this device). 

 donot get influenced by its specifications
the actual phone is really very bad
it is a disappointing experience
the camera quality is extremely bad bad bad poor and so on
it is just like a vga camera  

 I just got my Lenovo A6000 Plus, and I am very disappointed with the quality of the phone. No earphones with the pack, rear camera quality is just like VGA camera, sound is another negative factor in this set, no dolby digital it is a radio voice. no OTG, WiFi not working, battery is draining like anything. Videos are not playing. Back panel is very cheap, Looks like a toy phone. It has been a poor choice. Above all Flipkart refused to refund the amount. Disgusting..... 

 Awesome experience, my second android after Karbonn A9+ (512 RAM). This phone is quite fast compared to other 2 GB phone. Is user friendly,
16 GB of internal storage(11.53 GB of usable storage.
A free screen guard. .
Dolby Digital Plus Sound
Display is good with 1280x720. 
Supports 4G LTE
light weight(128 grams).
Apps not only can be transferred to SD card, but can be installed directly on SD card as well 
Best in this price range.  
BUT unfortunately returned it back, for key board issue  

 I have bought Lenovo A6000 Plus from flipkart and It was delivered by 2nd July 2015. After picking the product once I tried to use this Phone, It was getting heat just within 10-15 Mins.
When I used and found heavy heating issue with the phone and Battery backup. believe me ! Heating issue is that much We cant take it in hand like Its going to burn.I have read some of customers reviews They also written same things.
As I spoken with the flipkart team They said that their Tech Support team will contact to me within 24 Hours.
I got call from your tech support He was very hurry to disconnect the call and He was not interested to listen my query He was just like completing his call target for his job instead of helping to customers' issue.
I was following to flipkart team last 4 days but no one was responding me properly. As I spoken with the flipkart team that I want to return this product and I really dont want this product anymore and I want my money back.
After all Next couple of hours I got a call from Tech Support and He make me downloaded a Application Smart Check for Trouble Shooting.
As per their system my Phone is normal and product can not be returned.It was like me They are making me fool. A Customer is facing from last 4 days and He just like has done the crime by purchasing product from flipkart. End of the point They are not accepting at all. He was routed to service center.
Service center visiting is not my resolution If I would need to go service center so Why should I purchase from flipkart. I have bough new Phone, there is no need to go service centre. I have paid for 7499rs/ 

 my phone is only 21 days old, and many problem is here, mainly notification problem and touch is not working. don't waste your money. 

 lenovo a6000 plus very good phone @ price 7500/-
new camera quality back both fornt camera.
nice battary backup.
every thing is very good..
but in this lenovo a6000 plus 
i have facing heating problem.
when i am doing charge,playing game, and do any thing with lenovo a6000 plus handset..
when going to soo heated....
can u tell me what to do for that 

 1) Charging takes more than 5 hours
2) Battery drains within 3 hours
3) heating in such way that you cannot make calls or put into pocket
4) results remain same even though data connection is off 

 After month of use, the touch screen stopped working. 
Rebooted, formatted and resetted and did everything. No Use. Can't Return since its more than 30 days. Went to Lenovo Service Centre in Kolkata Parstreet and found out its a single service centre for HCL, RedMi, Leneno and dozens of other mobiles. Long Queue . 
EXTREMELY DISSATISFIED AND DISAPPOINTED. PLEASE DONT BUY ANY LENOVO PRODUCTS. USELESS FIRM. NO GOOD SERVICE CENTRE. 

 This Phone has Excellent features...I would always love to buy Lenovo mobile phones....This mobile phone has excellent features... 

 This Mobile both (Rear And Front) Camera Quality Very Bad And Battery Backup very bad.
Pls not buy any Person this product.You want this price mobile pls buy Mi Redmi 2 Prime 
mi moblie camera and battery very very good compare this mobile. 

 I USED LENOVO A6000 NOW USING LENOVO A6000 PLUS
CAMRA QUALITY IS VERY DOWN IN PLUS VER WHILE PERFECT IN A6000 

 All Pros and Pros.. Looks, Touch, Battery, etc. everything nice.. good budget phone at this price..
Cons: But There is no charging indicator light.. you can never know if the phone is charging. every time you have to swipe the screen and see charging on or not..
Front camera should have been 5MP selfie..
Should have been factory loaded with 5.0 Lollypop.  

 I bought this phone to gift my uncle. Till now the phone is working good no heating issues etc.
the camera quality is what bit disappointing. 

 Touch not responding properly. Wifi not connected properly.The technical team simply asked us to reset/reboot the set. Flipkart may furnish their email ID for further correspondence. 

 SOUND QUALITY IS NOT GOOD....OTHERS ARE GOOD...BATTERY IS EXCELLENT ..FRONT CAMERA NOT AS LIKE AS 8 MP... 

 1. Not happy with flipkart service as they shipped material after 7 days form the date of order. If you dont have product in stock then you should keep listing it under registration mode. my money just enjoyed for 7 days. 
For product 
So... happy. 
Good things
1. excellent display
2. Best UI ( If you love MiUi then this is something clone of the same UI )
3. Super fast ( 2GB RAM & 16GB ROM ).
4. Battery ( its above expectation - you can use full day without any issue and there will be more charge available )
5. Camera ( some of the review says camera is OK but compare to many brands its much much better. )
6. Light weight ( when you hold the phone it gives you premium feel as well as so light weighted though love to carry it ).
7. Sound quality ( so crystal clear talk experience and Dolby sound give good musical experience ) 
Things missed
1. Gorilla glass ( we have to appy tempered glass saperatly )
2. OGS should be there ( even very thin mobile )
3. heating ( remember many review says its heat up very much but as per my experience it heats when you use the handset during charging or different charger ).
4. back lit key missing. 
Predicts 
at the price of 7.5K its like gifting you 20K handset. pls don't wast your money in other product. go with this. 

 Hello  
I alread spoke to the flikart executive. 
Still I am facing issue , when I was in call my ear is getting heavy pain due to mobile ..If anything is happen his mobile. Please you guys will take responsible. 
I have to visit lenova care atleast..I had worrest experiance with fil[pkart. 
Please let me know I will give you my mobile free of cost..selll it to any one. 
Good bye  

 I brought this product on first sale but after one month i observed that at a specific spot on screen touch is not working 
And returns date also expired 

 I have purchased this model @7499/- from Flipkart. A company nice design for attracting the mobile users for this model. Only attracting the smart phone users, performance is very bad at this price range. Honor B is better than this model in very less price. If you select honor B you can save Rs.3000/-. 
Cons: 
Heating Problem,
Voice call disturbance
Ram only 1.25 GB and remaining used system
Rom only 11.85 GB and remaining used system
Primary Camera is very bad 5MP camera phones is better than this model.
I am not interesting to give stars for this model Lenovo A6000Plus at this price. 
Positive:
Front Camera
Phone designing
Light Weight 

 ye ek bakwas phone he. dosto bhulkar bhi kharid mat lena. mene 2 set kharide the dono hi bakwas. naam bade or darsan chote. 1 mahine me hi hang hone lage he. bar bar reset karne padte he. 1 mahine me hi bimar pad gaya ye phone. service center ki jarurat padne lagi he is phone ko. 

 performance is very good...stylish design
rear camera is very bad front cam is very nice
battery backup is very nice  

 Dear readers/buyers, with my experience I am posting the review with a opinion atleast some other buyers should get cheated like me. Screen Display is very bad and it is shady and pixels is worst. If you widen the screen display to a minimum size also quality is poor. 
Further they are sending lenovo A6000 model only and not A6000plus. 
Never buy and by looking add. Go 

 Sim1 slot is detecting the sim card but no network.
Damm bad battery quality.
After 100% charging it took 30 minutes for battery @ 10% (No wifi, gps, data is on)
Now phone is in lenovo service center (2 months from purchase) from last 3 days. 

 Got the product on 30th Apr 2015, Very light weighted, However 2G speed was very very slow and App download were very slow. 

 1. camera quality is not good in night u will not clear snaps (very bad quality)
2. battery can run 14 to 1 6 hrs 
3. if u talk more than 10 mins mobile tem will go more than 48 deg
4. 2g and 3g internet speed is very slow
5. cheap hardware used by lenovo
6. voice call is not good very low voice comes during talk and u cant hear ringtones  

 Overall satisfied with all the quality the phone have, its very light and slim phone.
No heating and no lags issues. Some features are quite impressive. 
Only a small thing that Lenovo should provide a earphone with the phone.
For Phone 5 star
For Flipkart service 5 star 
If lenovo can provide a earphone to all customers it will make a great impact with the phone. 

 Phone is getting discharged very soon. Even if I get it 100 percent charge and do nothing for the next 8-10 hours with it, the remaining battery will be only 5 or 6%. All other features are of no use because of the battery issue. Please look for alternative. 

 hey guyz . everything of this phone is good for the price and the only problem i faced was the sound clarity ..its loud enough but not clear*
.speaker flatters under high volume levels (max)
. dolby .i feel no difference .
.redmi 2 sound is better than this ... 

 Battery Backup - Bullshit ( I used Nokia 1600 4 days with backup)
Battery - Heats up quickly its time to Explode (Thinking to Handover the device to terrorist)
Speaker- Its not a Dolby its a radio shitty
Display - The worst (When we cover the display with hand we cant see anything)
OS - Hang every time ( If I capture a screenshot of display menu the icons on it cant be rearranged ) 
Wifi/ Data connection - Not working (WIFI- Its shows wifi not available and DataConnection - please insert sim ) 
For 7K price its the worst Smartphone
Go for Redmi / Moto 
Ordered Lenovo A6000 Plus Got my Flashsale Product 
Thanks to thumbs down reviewers as Im happy with my decision that im not your prey......  
Negatives
Fingerprint - Use Tempered Glass protector 8-9H for a6000/plus.....
Bottom Buttons ledlight - Use Ciggar Lighter in Dark.......
No Headset- Still wont satisfy with what received for 1Re....but ?....
OTG support - Hope Loli will clear it.....
Themes - An update can...... 
From 20K to 7K - Fully Satisfied........Because im a value investor......  

 after using it for two weeks, this will be the review given by me
the phone is good with almost 1.40 ram 11.4 gb rom
the phone is very over haeting 
it is slightly hanging 
worst back panel
no backlit
no ear phones 

 The batttery of this phone is not upto the extent. Phone starts heating up very early. Sound quality of this phone is also not that much good. Suggest not to buy this phone. Camera is fine. 

 I ordered Lenovo A6000 Plus and I have received it in time but surprisingly Such a BIG NAME in IT Field (i.e. LENOVO) has no time to upgrade the MOBILE ID as i could not find A6000 Plus mentioned on it except on top of the BOX with sticker only.
I mean to say even in settings -> about phone -> Model information it shows A6000 for the mobile which i ordered A6000 PLUS. 
No one from flipkart is able to resolve my query raised in this regards . They asked me to talk to service centre and there also they have no idea for it. I am really surprised for such a Technical Error from Lenove/Flipkart. 
PL. HELP ME TO HAVE RIGHT PRODUCT WITH RIGHT MODEL ID.
HEATING OF THE DEVICE IS ANOTHER ISSUE.  

 1st of all phone is not getting charged its show charging symbol but not getting charged and top of we have to wait till 24 hours product team will call unsatisfied 

 I bought it from flipkart battery life for this phone even without 3G/4G just wifi with occasionally connected drains out in 3 hours 

 i just bought this phone few days back, display is good, voice quality is good, phone is light weighted. All feature looks nice But device getting heated very quickly. 

 A6000plus is bang for the Buck, but its specifications upgrade is good.
Its everything of A6000 with added RAM 1 to 2 and storage of 8 to 16 GB  
The Flipside is, the 2300mah Li- Po battery offered in the international market is down to a Li-ion battery in India.
Yes go on dumping all low quality, Highly hazardous material in Indian land and rivers.- to die of pollution first. 
Why the quality differs for India? Are we cheap?  
Couldn't find A6000plus official specs in any of the Lenovo's sites (national/ US) as on 7thMay2015, it is just done to cover up their Racial discrimination  
Suggest to name it as A6000MinusPlus so that we can understand Lenovo has stripped certain quality for Indians
I'm reducing 2stars for Lenovo's attitude with racial discrimination 

 NICE SPECS WITH A GOOD PRICE.BUT QUALITY WISE ITS NOT UP TO THE MARK,
1.SCREEN RESPONSIVE TIME IS NOT SO GOOD
2.THERE IS SOME LAG IN GRAPHICS
3.WITH 2GB RAM AND QUAD CORE PROCESSOR ITS NOT WORKING LIKE OTHER BRANDED MOBILE WITH SAME CONFG..
3.ITS BUILD QUALITY IS NOT SOLID.
4.XIOAMI MOBILES ARE BETTER BUILD QUALITY THAN LENOVO
5.AFTER 10 MINUTES OF GAMING ITS GOT HEATED .
6.THERE IS NO LOLIPOP OUT OF THE BOX. 

 Lenovo reviews look like fraud 
Today i got this phone i got problem:
1. Sound Quality Problem
2. Ring Tone very Low
3. No EAR PHONE in Box.
4. No LED Notification. (They Making Fool to us by Photos- in photo we can see LED NOTIFICATION -but in REAL lenovo Not given Notification LED) 
i received call from Flipkart they said to RRESET my Phone Settings so i did RESET phone settings but after that same problem NOT SOLVED. 
now im going to return to this product. better i like to get back my MONEY. Im very upset. 

 Update as on 25th sept,2015: So I decided to replace the memory card from a 8GB to 32 GB and to copy the data to backup was the most tedious process over 3 hours and no data moved,Finally I had to use my Mother's Micromax Canvas A114 phone to transfer data to system which was 1GB RAM phone and has outperformed the lenovo phone 
Seems like Flipkart has made a big fool of us by launching the "Flash Sale" 
Update after 3 months of usage: GPS is almost pathetically non functional with 2G data ... GPS works fine with Wifi haven't tried with 3G..  
There is no use of this phone if you are a frequent traveller and are relying on GPS for directions, you get this voice very often "GPS SIGNAL LOST" 
I was very excited to see this phone but unfortunately no headset :(  
There are plenty of sites which give a performance review etc. 
But if you are using this phone for music purpose, be prepared to shell out extra for a "Good" Quality headset.  
Please read the fine print on specification , because once you buy, You can only get replacement for the same NOT refund . 
3/3 for Ekart logistics for fast delivery   

 Please do not sale like. Don't fool the people. 
@ Flipkart dont do this in future for your customers 

 it is the best phone in budget.
plus points
5 inches
thin and slim design
2 gb ram
16 gb rom 
8 mp rear and 2 mp front camera
responsive
negative points 
not very long lasting battery 
no notification light
no earphone in the box
and backlight button
but I should say that it improve itself very much from previous version  

 Looks stylish.
Performs well.
Good Display.
Light Weight.
Gives rich look.
camera(enough for normal clicks)  

 its good one at this price range and the best part is the display is wonderful, battery life is very good and cam is also better even at lowllight conditions it gives u some wonderful shots ,with the ram being 2gb the os is fluid and unlike miui vibe is doesnot give u a chineese look feel 

 Phone Use is very nice a negative problem is flash light some time didn't work...
remaining is good*** 

 recomended product.sure to watch out for. rear camera could have been better.although good product.flawless. 

 Excellent phone in this price range. I updated to 5.0 lollipop. Now good backup..awesome speed..super camera all are too good... 

 The battery is getting drained out at a rapid rate even just 1.5 months after purchase.Even after full charge the charge is going to 0 % after just 6 hours..
Also data cable given is loose connecting with the phone socket. 

 Very nice Mobile and very slim camera clarity super i love this phone 

 Very good mobile at this price range. Camera quality is good and the body built is also good at this price. 

 phone is good except camera quality is avg.i used is since last 6 month & after update not facing any issue 

 i placed the order for lenovo A6000 plus, i get a phone without headphone. please check and verify 

 I hAVE ORDERED LENOVO 6000 PLUS WITH PAYMENT DONE IN ADVANCED
BY SBI CARD TO GET FURTHER 10% DISCOUNT
BUT WHEN I OPENED THE BOX EARPHONE WAS MISSING FROM SET 

 Received the phone yesterday but not happy with performance.
Touch is lagging.
Colour Display is poor.
No call settings found 

 Very good mobile.
Worth it for Rs.7499. Using this for past 3 months no problem found. Happy to buy this product... 

 Camera quality is good. Battery backup also very good. I was able to watch two movies at a time. These much features with quality within such price is best deal..... Go for this 

 After lollipop update it works fast.  
Advantages:
1) 16 GB internal memory
2) Dolby Audio quality also best
3) light weight slim phone
4) Battery backup also superb
5) No heating 

 Good phone but if apps are more the battery starts draining.Its better to install clean master immediately after buying the phone.My phone was excess with apps and it started draining.This phone gets heated and battery starts getting down. Anyways very good phone having all the social networks and good sound and picture quality.Camera has many features.I recommend for all my dear friends.All The Best. 

 Its working perfectly for the spent amount. Cant compare with the high end phones. I can suggest this phone for the people looking for a small budget phone with very good features. 
One issue I noticed is with memory card which contains a very large no of files (like images and songs) Phone is heating and battery is draining very fast in 2 hours. i solved this by un-mounting memory card when not in use. Other than this working fine. 
Special thanks for the very fast delivery of this product. 

 This phone is working perfectly .no issues till now found .good phone 

 got Lenovo A6000 Plus on time but package does not contain earphone in box..... this is disappointing.... thanks flipkart. 

 firstly the graphic card is clocked at 310mhz eventhough its capabality is 400mhz otherwise do not update yr phn to lollipol 5.0.2 everything is a problem there and donot forget to get tempered glass installed other than everything is okay dokey i had heating issues but somehow solved it 

 brought it for one of my friend, she is finding it very nice, decent look, picture quality is nice, battery backup is also nice, internal memory could have been little more, else it very delicate and handy product.. can go for lenevo mobiles.. particularly this 1 is very good:) 

 but front camera is not good as Lenovo A6000, plz improve if u can......................................... 

 waste of buying it is not at all satisfactory working dull and slow occupies 1.7 gb space of RAM And voice clarity is also not clear 

 I gifted it to my friend and he is greatly surprised after experiencing its specifications.thanks to flipkart and Lenovo for providing budget smartphone in such prices.I also got this mobile in offer times at 6699.the only worried thing is it's sar value so friends use wired head phones or earphones to avoid its radiation.otherwise it is great phone in its segment. 

 Really i am very happy to purchase this Moblie. Thank you for flipkart service. 
I purchase this one 6 months back... till now i am not getting any complaint... 
so ... it's really good. 

 The Lenovo A6000 Plus comes with a 12.7 cm (5) HD display for viewing photos, browsing websites or playing games. This smartphone uses an IPS technology to deliver ultra-wide 178 degree viewing angles that are great for watching videos in large groups. 
Key Features of Lenovo A6000 Plus
Twin Speaker with Dolby Digital Plus
1.2 GHz Quad Core Qualcomm Snapdragon MSM8916 Processor
2 GB RAM
Dual SIM
8 MP Primary Camera
5 inch HD IPS Display
Dual SIM: LTE + GSM
2 MP Secondary Camera 

 Excellent Mobile at this price range. 
I am happy with Flipkart Sevices 

 Cheap and best.this beat one for low price phones.but camera quality normal.  

 Great mobile from Lenovo with this price & as usual fast delivery from flipkart . No heating issues .this is the 4th mobile i am buying for my family members . 

 very good product, value for money better than asus zenfone 5 i wiil recommend this item, good good good 

 Nice mobile within 7k. I bought this for Rs. 6711(Got 500/- discount + An Aritel 4G ready sim) from flipkart. No issues with the product till date. 

 GOOD phone. but not included earphone . cemera is 8 mp if it have 13 mp the it is better then other. it have good rom & ram . it is good mkae your ilfe better . but it have one sim only 4g if it have both sim 4g+4g then more marketed. 

 camera quality is very good nice screen loudspeaker very good 
Lite weight phoneGood battery backup. lasts for a day with moderate use 

 Got what i was looking for Really Good Quality.
Got delivery within 2 days from flipkart. 
100% original & Quality product. 

 phone is worth of its value but one problem back panel not working properly and awsome phone camera quality is also good but one thing not happy with flipkart returns i have told them back panel not working properly but they deny this and does not give me the replacement of my mobile 

 I ordered on Sunday evening and WS-Retail shipped on Same Day. Very good service. 
I purchased for my Son and Phone is working very smoothly without any problem. He is playing games and phone is not heating. Battery backup is powerful. It will last for two days. I also upgraded for Android Lolipop (Old KITKAT UI is very attractive and also Face Unlock is removed if upgraded to Lolopop). 
Screen is also very nice. Camera and Flash quality is Superb. 
Can buy phone without any hesitation. 

 i recently bought this mobile from flipkart
i recommend you that, you can also order this mobile without any doubt
everything is fine   

 Got A6000 box but with 2GB RAM and 16GB inbuilt memory. looks wierd. But it works as expected. Performance is good for this price tag. Camera, Sound and display quality are all good. 

 good one its a nice phone giving best performance .easy to use 

 @ this price, its Nice
Camera is AVG
Build quality should have been improved
Performance wise outstanding 

 I am not using it (gifted to Elder Sister) She is using since last 1 months lenovo A6000 Plus working fine with 43 Apps support 32Gb memmory card android Lollypop 5.1 verry smoothly Very Good camera, Both sim support 2G/3G/ AND 4G network, Value for money Mfd by Motorola thats all Thanks Prince Raj 

 The mobile is excellent. 2 GB RAM super fast, internal memory 16 GB also very good, battery back is very good. I love flipkart for customer support. The seller is also very good. I am very much happy with shopping with flip kart 

 Display :- Very Good but no gorilla glass protection (8/10)
Build Quality : Good. (9/10)
Software : Good & Lag free but some apps could not be moved to SD Card. (8/10)
Sound : Good in both speakers and headphone (9/10)
Battery : Very Good (10/10)
Heating : Minor Heating noticed (8/10) while long duration calls.
Camera :- Average. (7/10)
Overall: I am satisfied with the product. End user experience is good. 

 I have purchased this mobile at Rs.6300/-
Best Mobile for this price band..
Good Delivery for this retailer..
Packing is normal...  

 I have purchased 2nd Lenovo A6000 plus phone. You can understand about the phone. More than worthful. 

 Good mobile but lags in battery and camera quality  
Audio output is poor while video call  

 This mobile model slim & looks like good. But,The performance level is very bad & not up to the mark. I'm facing the issues that battery is overheating in few minutes while charging & getting quickly draining the charge. I'm scaring when mobile charging that anytime it can be explode.
In safety aspect, I don't prefer/suggest this model to others & not expected these issues from lenovo brand. Though, I'm using Lenovo K4 model. 

 Good mobile, value of money. Auto brightness is super. Perfect selection for those who are browsing, WhatsApp,Facebook regular users. Packing is excellent. Good battery backup. 

 nice mobile but new arrival other lenovo buy mobile
noe new model k4,k5 and vibe good mobile.
other mobikle comany better lenovo company 

 Mobile looking classy. camera average little hangy little heat producing. overall it's average mobile. always hanging too much Google play unfortunately stopped lot of times. i dont know it's a software problem or mobile problem network disappear some times.battery wise it's OK.Dolby speakers some time working some time not.lenovo installation apps not running properly.sometimes Google search not working even u have 3g net.make sure u guys also facing this problem n don't update to llollipop it's getting problem. 

 This phone heat like an iron rod on fire. All of us knows that this heating will increase radiation. As well as battery performance is so poor . it won't last more than 2hr in the case of no use . camera quality is also vary poor .. Nokia's VGA camera is better than its front camera .. And it's also have some software issues .. Apps not stops even after we cleaning the RAM. And music player does not recognize New music added . and most of medium sized videos are can't be played . and a software update is available maybe it will fix few of this bugs 

 Received with in 2 days..Its heating much even listening songs.. and has very bad battery life time after upgrading OS. 

 I bought this phone in Nov'15 as a gift to my mother-in-law looking at good reviews. But, since the day we've got it, there has been some problem or the other. First, the charger, later battery & now phone heating! They have a very bad service center too. After giving it, there was no change and we've given it again. Soon, i'll run out of warranty. Buy phones from companies that have good service centers, not Lenovo A600Plus. 

 The phone awesome.Got the best one at affordable price...... 

 Value for money
U can buy this mobile
Camera is not so good but it's good when comes to money matters 

 its a bestest phone i ever had, i used lot of higher brand like samsung . iphone sony etc. but this phone give mee exellent satisfication. no hanging probs , great camera for memories , good battery life , light weight to carry etc thnz to LENPVO 

 Not bad. It's giving me little bit hanging problem once in a while. Apart from that the mobile is good. 

 Great product, light in weight, good for use.next day delivery 

 I have gifted this set to my father on the eve of his anniversary. He is satisfied, even for speaker related issues I had to return the item, but Flipkart made no problem, it was handled smoothly & I got the product replaced smoothly. I am happy with the set performance. Thank you. 

 awesome phone with good camera quality especially dolby sound those who are music lovers. price wise also good for 6999 this much advantages. 

 The phone is heating too much (like iron)..material of mobile is very cheap ..camera quality is bad and front camera is worst..dont buy if camera is the priority ..charger is not good at all ... 
battery back up is good enough ..no hanging problem .. 

 I ordered this phone second time ,it is a best phone with a good price & with all desired configuration. It is very stylish & light weighted .Thanks to Lenovo for the amazing production. 

 Good phone , nice battery backup, but has problems with the speaker... So if you want a loud voice speaker don't buy this 

 This is my third mobile of same model to my family and friends. Recommend to daily usage Great specification for normal user for daily usage.
Battery backup 2 days and customization . 

 Very goood phone in cheaper price.
M using it since 5 months and my phone never hanged till now.
Very satisfactory performance
Battery backup is excellent
UI also great.   

 Great phone by Lenovo.Delivered the next day itself.Wow.Loved purchasing this phone.Also good packaging. 

 Phone was good. But suddenly its voice function stopped working if i call others or someone calls me. But it is working in speaker mode. I dint expect this within 2 months of limited usage! 

 Pro: The Tablet is good for starter with the latest android version update available. The Tablet came to us with the an earlier version but on connecting to the net we got the upgrade to 5.0. The Tablet has good features and 8 GB internal SD memory with extendable to 32 GB which is great for a starter. The battery is average, 
Con: For more than 18 days we continuously had a problem of the Tab connecting to the home router in wireless but losing internet connectivity. We had to do factory reset and everytime the internet would be restored but later again get deactivated. After research in internet we came to know that this Tab is not designed for N mode, whereas a modern router default mode will be b+g+n. I changed the mode to b+g and since today the router is working fine. If problem comes than the only resort is to take it to a warranty center. 
I recommend Flipkart to update its catalog and give the above constraint as a clear guideline and information, 

 The product is very good, one year is completed we have not found any defects.
We are enjoying with this phone 

 Great Phone at a very cheap cost. Just like the slimness of this mobile. Got 2 one for me and for my spouse 

 Best phone in this range ....works very good . I have ordered 4 same phone for my family ..No issues with the phone . If you need a best camera phone then don't go for it neither phone performance is above expectation . Blindly go for it .. 

 very good phone with smooth performance. i have installed multiple apps with heavy games like asphalt 8 and it is running very smoothly.
camera quality is average.
build quality is nice .
battery life is 1 day under moderate usage with internet.
value for money phone . 

 RAM IS GOOD,NO BAD EFFECT ON PERFORMANCE. GOOD SOUND QUALITY.CAMERA IS GOOD,FRONT CANERA QUALITY COULD BE BETTER,BATTERY BACKUP IS GOOD.BUT NO HEADPHONE HAS BEEN INCLUDED IN THE BOX. 

 Hi, Everyone I have parches Lenovo A6000 Plus on 27 Jan 2016, every time phone hang and power button is not working, really disappointed, please very care full before parching this phone, service center also not responding properly, 

 supreb phone. battery are very strong, proceccer, camra, all thing are nice. overall a good bugdut phone 

 this phone is good at this budjet when we come to performance is simply super,bad thing that cam is just good, 
good thing that it is very sought of ram management, 
gaming is also playable even this device can handle,many of the hd games such as asphalt8,(medium settings),riptide gp2, etc.. iam using this phone sine 3 months working very better,therefore for no good sensors,  
after the lollipop update this will be very speed. ,i over all my ratings for this mobile is 7\10 
thank you. 

 Packing of product was quite well and seller is very reliable, I have received the original unused product.
But the only thing i missed is the headphones. it was not in the box. :( :( :( 

 ear phones r missing in this phone box
plz take care and send the reply as earley as possible 
thanks & regards
p.pavan vihari 

 Hi .. I purchased this phone few days back.. Feels good.. I tried white its different from Samsung back panels. Coming to performance it can be updated to lollipop... Try it..!! 

 This phone gives u best features at low cost....camera clarity is good..no heating issues...display is big....and sound clarity is qualified with Dolby sound speakers. 

 Good 
1). Es MRP per ye mobile badiya hai.
2).Battery is Good Not so Good.
3). Not hanging problem. per Bahut jada application na dale toh.
4).touch is so Good. 
Bad
1).yadi app jada time game or Net per Bitate hai to App ki Battery jada khatam hogi.
2).battery Charge hone me 2 hrs ka time Lage ga.
3).Camera etna jada Acha nhi hai Jitna es me de rakha hai.camera is so bed.rear And Front both are Bad. 

 I'm using this model last two months. The main problem I feel that screen lock button is not working properly. 

 I purchased this phone in exchange offer under 5K. 
Pros
1)Battery
2)Display
3)Sound 
Cons
1) Camera
2) Light Weight 

 Excellent Mobile at Rs. 7000. All features are very good. Battery will take some day to reach it's maximum limit. Excellent Battery Back up.
cons: No Headphone with the Pack, Screen protector given as fee is not Good 

 I am using this product from last 4 months and this is never let me down. Its a good battery bakup and the performance is quite well. 

 realy in 7k this is the best phone ever....dont waste your time in other phones.... 

 THIS PHONE IS VERY GOOD ...........BATTERY BACKUP,SOUND,SCREEN,,,CAMERA,, ALL THINGS ARE VERY GOOD..................... 

 Its a good phone in this price tag, That too with 2 gb Ram and 16 Rom. display works good and soft.
Its value for price paid 

 in this price, configuration and performance are quite good, however after 45 days of use-age, mobile is always restarting and display is always black. Given to service center, initially told its a software issue and latter they confirms that its hardware issue. Its so disappointed of getting a new product where its having issue in 45 days. 

 I wanted to gift a phone to my dad for his usage.
Since he uses dual sims, that was one of the criteria for me to filter the phone. 
After reading reviews of multiple phones, i shortlisted this one. 
Pros:
1) Dolby feature is awesome
2) Very light weight
3) Battery lasts longer than the other phones
4) Doesn't heat much (my dad is not a hardcore gamer :-P)
5) Matt finish at the back is good. Gives nice grip
6) Camera is good for the price
7) Display is great and touch response is awesome (at par with high end phones) 
Cons:
1) Nothing as yet 
(i keep the price in mind and when think about cons, there is absolutely nothing at this price)  

 This is one of the best phones that i have used so far. compatible, light in weight. i would recommend everyone to purchase. 

 Buy from a good seller, check their ratings. 
This phone is good, you can and should look up the specs and details on different sites.
This phone comes with a screen protector which is really thin and not protective at all, so I think you should order a nice one along with it. And also, it doesn't come with any headset. Runs on Kitkat which is apparently good for this set rather than Lollipop. Can't say for sure, I didn't update. 

 I have been using Lenovo A6000 Plus since 6 months. Initially this was working well however, after 3 - 4 months of use phone is strucking a lot boletoh lot... cannot recommend Lenovo... I will never purchase or recommend Lenovo products. 

 It's good product and gifted to may dad.... he loved it and still using it. Okay product for the price it has. 

 Nice phone in this budget main thing this is VOLTE.
battery is good one thing is bad there is no headphone with phone.only charger 

 The Phone gives you everything in a 6-7 k range 
From a general Point of view 
Pros:
1) 2 GB RAM is great
2) 16 GB memory is Awesome
3) Can play big games like sniper(GAMELOFT) comfortably
4) Outstanding Battery Life
5) Good Design  
Cons:
1) No notification light 
2) Cheap Plastic Body
3) Average Camera Quality  

 Superb phone in this range. This was the second unit I bought for a family member. Camera, speed ,design and all other things are best in its class. 

 Buy this product who are not intrested in games.all are ok.some times its gonna be hang... 

 First of all, let me thank Flipkart for on time delivery of this awesome product. 
Now, for all those haters, I have to say: 
1. Guys, are you serious, complaining about a phone with only 7.5 k and comparing it with the phones worth approx 20k.
2. I am using this one from last two days, and I must say, performance is rock solid. Its smooth, fast and great performer for daily users like me. Mind it, am not talking about hardcore gamers or people who need their smartphone stuck to their hands 24X7, coz I am not of them.
3. The feel on hands is very comfortable with its Matte back 

 Great product. I bought for 6300rs only in offer. Mobile is awesome.. 

 If you are looking for good camera, then dont go for this product. Front and back camera quality is very poor. 

 Unfortunately i just buy the A6000+ 
after 2 hrs i just compare with P1M and found lots of gap between them 
P1M lena bhai log ye nahi,,,,,,
 1. isme OTG supportable nahi hai3
 2. Fornt camera 2 megapixcel hai
3. battery 2900MAH hai 

 I must say awesome fone after updating to lollipop version , speed got increased , battery life extended , gud and friendly ui , altough it took 10 days to delivered me so would rather i have rated to lenovo fone not to flipkart , so guys best fone in this budget . go ahead 

 That's is very dum phone . The ram is only for like a showcase. It's hang rapidly. Some times the get heat properly . I bought many phones but the results is same . I never trust on Lenovo phones now . This is my personal suggestion that if you want to buy a new phone don't buy Lenovo any cost. 

 Would like to mention that this is absolute fantastic deal at thsi price, no heating problem, no hang problem and the battery life is also quite descent. 

 Product is good,,,,feeling great to use this phone,,,,but the camera is not good,,as give 8 
mp camera,,video quality and picture quality is bad,,,,focus quality is too much bad. 

 product is good.but touch is not sensitive as expected.compared to this macromax mobile touch is very good.overall ok 

 Very good mobile affordable and cheap mobile phone at this range.  
I have purchased it first for myself then for my known friends. And this mobile is purchased to my friend who was very deliberately waiting for this phone at special price. B'coz he is saving money for the last 6 months. So, finally he got this.  
Thanks to flipkart 

 good model 
value for money 
battery is ok for one day use
camera good
speed is good 
worth buying for this price 

 Using since Jan 2016 with out any issue battery back good.
Camera Clarity is good 
No Software issues.
Installed IMO app for Videos call till now not faced any issues 

 Super product package. Original items received. Good product. Safe delivery 

 Used this for last 7-8 months. No problems till now. Initially shown some heating problem and battery problem due to external memory card once I removed it my phone worked perfectly. 

 good product by lenovo............
battery is good...........
camera average but good as compare to pries and configuration of mobile....
slim and attractive.........
satisfied by using product... 

 Review after 3 weeks of using: 
POSITIVE POINTS: 
1) Superb battery back up. One full charged battery gives a back up around one and half day is used moderately.
2) Screen resolution is awesome. Auto brightness feature will help to save power.
3) User friendly access
4) 2GB RAM will give you a smooth and fast access to any content.
5) You can play any HD games seamlessly.
6) Music quality is awesome added with DOLBY.
7) Ringtones are loud so that you can be alerted in noise as well without vibrate. 
NEGATIVE POINTS: 
1) Pathetic 8 megapixel camera. My earlier Samsung Galaxy Trend had 3 megapixel which takes much better snaps than it. If you zoom any pic may it be before or after click it will surely pixelette.
2) One sim slot is fixed 2G. You can not customize.
3) Touch is horrible. Senses after you touches twice or thrice in keyboard.
4) Only two themes available. No option to add theme from lenovo.
5) Poor sound quality in speaker on call. Not loudspeaker.
6) No headphone.
7) Short length charger cable. 
RECOMMENDATION:
You can purchase it closing your eyes. Coz within 7K u wont find anything better than it, At least much better than A6000.  
If possible get a Skullcandy headphone. It fits the best with this phone. 
Finally thanks Flipkart for the speedy delivery within 48 hours.  

 best mobile in budget
good sound
good picture quality
good camera
2gb ram 
good internal memory
android kitkat  

 BAKWAS phone.it is very honest review.takes over 12 hours to full charge,But consuming full battery within in one four use of what's app troublke shooter for the problem in all way such as closing back ground apps,closing GPS and WiFi and settled twice FACTORY data reset.The was test battery back up in the world,but remaining OK.YOU have Audi car to ride,but no petrol in the tank.lenovo should be shame on battery back up of phone  

 at a very nice price a very good phone with a lot of features.processer, camera,RAM and internal memory is perfect at the price comparing other brands and also performance is very good even after 1 yeat from buying 

 good phone all thing is superb in this phone .no hanging problem ,,,heating problem................................................................. 

 Received product with manufacturing defects but product was replaced the 2nd day. The seller is prompt on delivery and respects customer issues. The lenovo a6000 plus is a good phone. 

 As usual, Kudos to WS Retail & Flipkart Delivery.
 I had received the product within 18 hours. 5* for swift delivery by filpkart. 
Coming to product: this is only smart phone which has VOLTE support as per the reliance Jio Official list of Handset support (I haven't used the reliance Jio Yet) below 7 K, apart from Moto E 2nd Gen . 
Display, Battery life is good. Call quality is also good.
I have seen few review were customers are facing an issues post updating to Lollipop. I have updated my phone to lollipop and haven't face any issues till date.
Music - its awesome with dobly audio app. 
Cons: Camera quality could be better - I am sure Lenovo will come up with software improvements in coming build. 
overall good product 

 good phone, light weight, slim, value for money, a good buy 
I have used this for quite time, faster delivery from Flipkart 

 Good phone but got mother board issue after 6 months, service center people are taking 3 - 4 weeks time to replace with new mother board. 

 I have order for this Mobile and got just rs.6299 within 3 days delivery. Mobile is awesome. Running is very fast due to 2 GB RAM. In this range, this is best Mobile. All feature is working. Just one Problem is heating.Otherwise ignore this, Over all is satisfied with this Mobile. Other good Feature is 16 GB Internal and 5 MP back camera with good Quality of Picture. 

 I AM USE THIS PRODUCT , IT IS A SIMPLE TO USE AND NICE LOOKING .
VERY NICE . ITS HAS DOLBY SOUND FOR SUPER HERRING SONG . 

 This phone is not at all good.Phone become very hot when playing games, watching movie. Both Xender and shareit are not at all working properly.Phone become hang continously while using.Battery back up also very poor compare to other models in same specification. 

 Best phone for office going people.this phone is not for gamers,camera looking persons.but very ideal phone for simple surfing,calling,WhatsApp etc.budget also fits pocket.writing this review after six months use. 

 Good mobile
Without heating
Good camera
Good backup 
Good service of flipkart  

 Worth buying so far no issue.Good phone with brand reliability loaded with features. Overall good performance and genuine product 

 Phone Listening problem and battery problem ....Overall not worth ..after 3 months it is not working as expected 

 I got mobile with 6300 price but i didn't received headphones with it. For mobile its absolutely great deal but due to there is no headphone with mobile i'm not completely satisfied. 

 This is a very slim and good at this rate. I am using this mobile from last 9 months and so far no issues. 

 This is really very nice mobile phone. It has the option to choose the default memory. Camera is average but sound is crystal clear. Display is very very nice. Everything looks alive. And its 2Gb of ram and quad core processor makes thing happen like a charm.. 

 I wanted to have a low price mobile since mobile technology has been changing so much fast. After a lot of research and spending hours on internet reading reviews I bought this phone @7999. 
Flipkart delivered this product on time and was very prompt in delivery so one extra star for the excellent delivery. 
I am happy with the Lenovo 6000 plus. Performance is awesome and has 16 GB internal storage with 2 GB RAM makes it best in the class phone. So far my experience with this phone has been superb! 
Only concerned is It does heat sometime and camera quality is not that superior 

 Yes! people ask me the price of this phone. Instead I tell them the features!! Those buggers are overwhelmed by the features, and yet again for the price! Damn it, this is a game changer phone! Price should not deliver quality! Why don't you guys understand?
Now, to the phone, there are no cons to it.  
but Flipkart shipping service is not good, need improve flipkart shipping.  

 direct to point ! this mobile has heating issues and sim some time only works in one slot when you change it to other slot it stops working. till now working without any glitch !! back cover is very thin without any back guard it won't be in for long run ! flipkart delivered it on time happy with flipkart service 

 My honest review overall performance of the mobile is good in this price.If your plan to buy a phone around 7k then this is the good choice.
 Flipkart delivery is soo fast. Overall good. 

 Phone will switched off automatically some times ... very bad .. even will not get notice .. it happens very often in a day .. 

 Best product, price worthy. Easy to handle and the performance is excellent , battery backup is also good. 

 Very good phone, nice size for people looking for a big screen. Battery is good. Software and hardware is good. but lots of bloatware from lenovo 

 this is the wonderful product and its used easy and smooth i like it 

 1.Fast Processing and Good storage, no lags
2.Good Front and rear camera, nice flash also.
3.Excellent Sound Quality earphone, speaker, Dobly feature is awesome.
4.Good battery backup. lasts for a day with moderate use
5.HD display is amazing.
6.Good Screen touch, not felt much difference with my earlier, shows smartphone market improved a lot.
7.No heat, not much heating compare to other phones
8.Lite weight phone.
9: But not provide handfree 

 i have purchased on may 2015 this mobile now this mobile is not working problem is software please i advised to all don't purchase lenovo mobiles 

 Best phone I could get for 6 k 
Totally awesome ...
No heating problem 
Just 1 thing .. There is no back light in 3 bottons 
But it doesn't matter :D  

 I bought this phone as a gift for my mother in Aug, after 4 months I took data plan from idea and wanted to use internet on this phone. I soon realised that neither 2G nor 3G... works on it. SO NO INTERNET SUPPORTED.(The same sim works fine on other mobiles with internet, so its not a service providers fault) I searched ol for service centers and realised that none of these are true service centres... these are either closed or non existing numbers. I tried repairing phone from private mobile shops... and they all could not repaire this very specific problem from lenovo. 
Very disappointing experience, this phone is nothing but fancier looking old landline model.  

 Great work by flipkart and Lenovo.
- battery backup is perfect one day work and it's average,
- camera is also good in this price, front is also more powerful compare to rear.
- speed it very good no lags.
- look is cool and premium 

 After using this mobile for almost 4 months, it has started hanging. This is the 3rd lenovo mobile which I bought and all started hanging after 5-6 months. It looks like this is the common problem in all lenovo mobiles. 

 Nice Phone with Amazing Price...
Hi All, 
I am writing this review for all those who are skeptical about this phone and whether or not to buy this phone. 
Here is my review after the Usage, if you think 30 days are sufficient to know a device.
1. The device is a masterpiece with all the required features, one expects in today's time.
2. The Phone really proves it's worth. The Screen is so vibrant that every time you look at it, it a new experience. 
3. Talking about the App's that are pre-installed, please do remove the ones that you feel are not required or else, disable them as possible. The Icons do give a feel of clarity and looks similar to iPhone.
4. 2GB Ram does it's work and does not allow any lags what so ever. The Phone comes with pre-installed Game Apps. I installed the Asphalt Airborne 8 and I am enjoying the game to the max.. with no lags whatsoever.
5. There's a pre-installed app to clear the RAM and CPU and it does prove to be efficient to release the Memory for re-use.
6. Coming to battery, as was informed by Google that Android Kitkat would be battery efficient, so it is.. On a pretty decent usage, with Calls, Emails, Playing Games and using other apps, I still have enough battery the next morning. 
And before I forget, many users informed that the Device Heats a lot and can be used as a Pan. I would say, it’s not a PAN and it does work as a Phone. Having said that, the heating is possible only if you playing Games for a long time, or with the charging on, else, THERE IS NO HEATING AND ALL… 
I hope this helps you with your decision making and if you have more questions, genuine questions, please leave a reply. 

 This is my 3rd purchase of same phone from flipkart for my family and I am very much happy with flipkart ordering and also their delivery. They deliver most on or before the date that they mention. 
Lenovo A6000 plus product I like because a phone with less that 2GB memory seems to me low performer. Decent camera and good battery life is what I found this phone impressive. The phone is reliable and performs consistently for typical family person use.  

 This is my 3rd purchase of same phone from flipkart for my family and I am very much happy with flipkart ordering and also their delivery. They deliver most on or before the date that they mention. Lenovo A6000 plus product I like because a phone with less that 2GB memory seems to me low performer. Decent camera and good battery life is what I found this phone impressive. The phone is reliable and performs consistently for typical family person use 

 Nice phone and amazing price by flipkart
Thanx flipkart..... 

 I purchesed A6000plus in september2015. this comes with android 4.4 and its perfomance was not too good but when it updated new version with Android 5.0 and this phone become amazing like K3 Note.main camera is not too good. selfie camera is better. 

 I have used this product for months and I feel that there are no issues so far. The specs are good for the money you pay. The screen is fragile so I put on a tempered glass for the same. Else it is the best phone within 7k. 

 It's a classical phone with low budget and sounds really good with double speakers. If u think to gift someone so select this Phone. 

 Best performance and nice look low price no Hank no problem and better problem and KitKat version good working
available only on Flipkart 
Thanks you flipkart 

 This is the best phone under this price. Don't think much go for it even the phones costing 9-10k have the same configuration with some chinese name. better to go with such big brands. 

 Received phone yesterday this is just an observation of one day only.
Pros:
1) Phone looks pretty good and easy to access.
2) Performance of the mobile is also good. It didn't hang.
3) Couldn't find any major defect on first day like heat issue.  
Cons:
1) Speaker are fine but the call voice is little low compare to other mobiles.
2) No Headphones with this phone.
3) Completely made of plastic so should be handled carefully. 

 I bought this mobile from flipkart .l it's amazing product. i recommend to all my friends. all products are genuine. keep shopping from here. Thanks Guy... 

 It is amazingly good item in very correct prize .I like this product 

 Just go for it....
Well... this is a very nice phone in this budget.. Comes around 7k. 
I have bought it since 6 months and it hasn't hanged till today.
Camera...pretty clear... processor is good.. screen is very nice...
Sound... very good... 

 very gud device no problem at all battery backup is just excellent but do remember don't update the Android version otherwise you will face hell lot of problems.... 

 writing this review after 5 days of usage. 
build quality: average 7/10 back panel not sturdy and no gorrilla glass protection and screen scratch prone (windows phone offer better or best build) 
performance: 8/10, 2 gb ram and quad core snapdragon works well. Lags sometimes in switching toggles.
what to expect better at this price point. (windows still offer better balanced experience as it has balanced hardware software combination) 
Touch: nice touch response. No complaints.9/10 considering price point. 
Screen : Nice colour reproduction. Poor sunlight visibility. Scratch prone and damage prone.7/10 due to lack of protection. 
Camera: Average camera both front and back. But good for its price. 8/10(for what you pay cant expect more) 
UI: nice more like xiomi's no homescreen can be let down for some otherwise intuitive 8/10 
Value: 10/10 
Verdict: if tight on budget hard to find better options. if can spend more bucks can go for yureka (i have one) which offers far superior performance, better camera, loads of customisation otherwise windows are best in long term as their user experience never fades away in long term (with long term i mean 3 years as i own lumia device also no lag no degradation even after 3 years best hardware best build best experience). 

 I am using this phone and i am going to discuss about the good and bad things about the phone..
pros..
1.display is superb.
2.camera quality is preety good...
3.dolby speakers are outstanding.with good earphones sound is much even better,worth buying it.
4.battery back up is good..with heavy usage u can use it upto 5-6hours.
5.video clarity and display is awesome,thanx to its 294ppi.makes pictures and videos more vivid and sharp.
6.slim and light weight makes easy to carry.
7.touch response is nice..no problem.
8.no lag yet..since it has 2gb of RAM. 
cons..
1.back cover is of cheap material.could be better.
2.camera cant focus too much closer objects.
3.heating problem while playing games for 15mins or more.
4.camera flash has a yellowish tinge...so natural colours are absent..
5.no notification light and back led..so in dark u may face some dificulty. 
thats all...overall at this range worth buying..i am satisfied but little dissapointed with the vibe ui which is a custom ROM.. 

 First of all the product was delivered on time and in perfect condition . Since then the product has lived up to my expectations worth the money . 

 Gud phone for configuration with reasonable price. I bought red colour, which gives better look 

 Excellent product.
Price is also competitive.
Speed is also good considering Class10 

 Camera's average..but the other specifications and features make the mobile a great value for money. 

 mobile looking is good.
but when using internet its getting heat.
main problem is rear camera is very very bad.
when using it its going to struck.
finally waste moblie   

 hi .. its a very nice phone at its price.... the camera quality is awasome..
battery as mentioned is less but it works for a day.
In all i am satisfied with product 

 Using this phone for almost 6 months and didn't face any problems so far.
Battery backup is very good. 
Major drawback of the phone is with the usability. 

 The phone is awesome.Light weight, looks slim, great features. I can give this 5 star because at this cost this is the best choice. 

 I am happy with this one, As from initial reviews i was pretty not sure to buy this , But i found it very good. 

 nice product at nice price.
Gaming experience is better and camera is also good 

 I have ordered lenovo a6000 plus on 11 feb 16 and i recieved it on 16 feb 16.
This phone very well.
sound is very good. screen display size is so gud.
but both are sim should be micro but this is not an issue
camera quality is so gud flash works gud at night.
at last this is very gud phone in this price range.
I purchase it Rs5349 as i replace my older moblie samsung Duo.
So overall it was an pleasing exeprience with flipkart.
I hope this mobile will work as it is working at present. 

 Using this phone from last 7 month, gives problem in touch once but got the bill from flipkart and shor it at service center then it is working fine 

 Bought at Rs.6999/-. best phone at this range...got 5.0 update...works smoothly...no problem
Pros: light wt...fast...nice UI...no lags
Cons:No EARPHONES with this phone
#Flipkart - Amazing service...Nicely Packed...just took more time than usual to deliver.  

 MOBILE QUALITY IS GOOD AND COMFORTABLE TO HANDLE. MOBILE LOOKS GREAT WITH A GOOD FEAUTURES. TOUCH IS OK, PRICE IS RESONABLE. 
GOOD PRODUCT 

 Hanging Problem - One of the major problem on this device is hanging problem . While Playing Games like Temple Run Brave , Temple Run 2 , Candy Crush , Subway Surfers , the Device hangs a lot and can not able to run smoothly . Although there is 2 GB Ram but it Can not run a Game of 50MB . 
Camera - The camera is very good . It takes photos very nice and clearly in every light condition . The Front camera is just nice to take selfie . However the flash is not so good . I have been using mmx canvas 2 colours since 14 months but on camparing with this device by camera it is better than mmx . The video quality is very nice as it gives 720P of video .
Display - The brightness system is very good . It is well adjustable in each and every conditions . In dark room when brghtness is very law then it dosn't effect your eyes a lot . The Clearity of display is good as it is 720P nd looks very nice . The touch is very smooth .
Processor : The processor dosn't works well . as mentioned the hanging problem above . 
Ram :- The Ram mangement system is very wrost . while playing a game it consumes a lot as compared to mmx canvas 2 colour . To play Sonic Boom it takes upto 300 mb ram while mmx takes just 80-90 mb of ram . 
Battery :- Battery Back up is very good on this device . You can play a movie of 2 hours video on full brightness . As its brightness controll system is very good so it can save battery .   

 Good battery backup..Light weight.. Good specifications.. Camara quality average.. Lags occasionally.. 

 Blindly go for it......
Awesome processor....
Snapdragon 410 always roks....
Quad-core 1.2 GHz processor run's like horse....  

 Let me be very short and brief, this phone is best in this bracket of smartphones below 7k.
I have now 2 in my family. 

 It was good packed in the box. The mobile is best in this budget , Overall it was good experience............................................................ 

 Both speaker are fine and quality is also good and many more features are also excellent.
and color combination is also well. 

 Nice One , Excellent display , very less weight and compact one and nice to have this one. No heat coming out and good battery backup . 

 Good phone in Rs 7000/- .Screen quality and audio is nice.Charger cable is short in length and no ear phones are only drawbacks. 

 I ordered this phone during diwali and got a great deal for Rs 6029/-.My brother is happy that he selected this phone.It has 16 GB of internal memory so no external storage is required as of now.Only flaw is short charging cable and no ear phones.I feel that for Rs 500/- you can get good ear phones so still a great deal. 

 i buyed this phone on 7th february and writing review on 18th february
after 2 - 3 days of extreame usage the phone stsrts heating and battery backup too low then i contacted flipkart to replace the phone then they told me to full charge the phone and factory data reset then keep the phone 2 hour in flight mode and then starts using i follwed the instuction as mentioned by flipkart executive i got surprise because after doing following instruction my phones doesnt heats even after extream use battery backup also improved but battery backup is upto 6 to 7 hours on extreame usage and about whole day with normal usage i m using phone from 7 to 8 days after resetting the phone heats a little bit which is normal 
now
pros
no lags
exellent display quality
speakers sounds are fabulous
nice look of phone
very ligth weight
no heats on normal usage 
rear camera and flash are good 
cons
battery doesnt last more than 6 hour with extreame uasage
front camera is poor at low light
only 1st sim is 3g 4g 
conclusion
this is a phone for normal users not for extreame users 

 hi this is vasantha kumar H P
i am using this fast 1 month
 still this doing good 
And flipkart is delivered on time 

 I will recommend you to buy this phone. If you are looking for 5-8 k rang. Also Flipkart service is too good. 

 Good mobile, using for the past 6 moths without any problem.Slim and handy.You can buy without wasting time. 

 i have replaced this phone and i got a new phone which has not better camera qualitys,but i have adjusted to it but after 6days it going to struck touch screen and it going to heating problem.and iam thinking to refund or may be iwill ask to give a really 100% working phone  

 Lenovo , nice phone ,using from past 3 weeks or so , music is superb . Flipkart gave a gift of airtel 4 G sim , is of no use for me, in general lenovo is fine , also FK service is up to the mark . Adding promotional gifts kindly think over .Anyway thanks FK. 

 This phone is awesome in midrange, with LTE support, dual sim, HD display, Quadcore Snapdragon processor SD 410, 2GB RAM... nice bro... just no led notification, OTG support.. the camera is acceptable for phone.. im updated to lollipop no issues till now, battery backup is average with 7-8 hours hard using with HSPA active for browse and gaming online lik.. Sound clarity very good, stereo loudspeaker is awesome output.. overall i give this handset 9/10 
So very nice phone. 

 The main interface and apps performance are just okay. The camera is very average. It takes clear shot, even I can zoom into clicked pictures with zero noise in outdoor daylight conditions. The looks are slim, minimalistic and the device is just lightweight. Back cover is okay and good to grab. Screen is brighter than daylight. Lollipop update is smooth. Speakers are loud enough and sound quality is acceptable. In call quality is also decent.
One thing i've noticed after the lollipop upgrade the quality of the selfie cam decreases and battery drains pretty fast. There is no effect on disabling LTE / WCDMA. Even when the device is switched off battery went down from 90% to 60% in 8 hours. How can that be possible?
Overall the device is vfm. 

 I greatly appreciate flipkart for a fast delivery of product.
I have received Lenovo A6000 plus a 2 GB RAM smart phone in exchange of Moto-E of an year old. Moto E was 1GB RAM phone. Contrary to my expectation, the replacement phone gave me no satisfaction as it should be in terms of a phone operates at 2 GB RAM. The cameras are not up to mark. phone is sleek but is of a light weight will cause carelessness to drop it down. Unlike found in reviews overheating is not there, but I fear the touch feature will have problem at a later date. I do not know. Similarly the Dolby stereo is not remarkable and applaudable. The back cover of the phone is really very weak. At least the headset could have been included in the package. 

 Hang, Battery issue and Bad Camera,  
If you are going to buy handset between 6K to 10K 
then go for Samsung, 

 The best phone if you want to spend less on phones. I have been using it for 6 months, never slow. was switched off automatically thrice, then i had to remove the battery and put it back. 
Good performance. 

 Product is actually good. Having some heating issue. Front camera is really awesome... Value for money. but handle with care. 

 good phone in this range, lenovo one of the top brand, internet speed is good, cute phone slim one, nice designing, fast and safe delivery by flipkart, 

 good phone in this range, lenovo one of the top brand, internet speed is good, cute phone slim one, nice designing, fast and safe delivery by flipkart,
one of the best 4g phone in this rate 

 Good Product, But some time wifi is not working properly. 
Style looking business users it is very much help ful. 
Light weight, battery heating is so much do not suitable for gamings. 
Regards,
Ameen 

 Writing this review after 4 months of use.. 
Good looks, decent camera, good display, battery back up of 1 full day with continuous internet, moderate wi-fi which is good considering the price range.. UI is bit confusing but its fine when u get used to it.. If ur looking for good low range phone pls go for it without any second thought.. 

 Flipkart service is very well and they give mostly reliable things to the customers. Still the date I dont find any difficulties on all my purchases. 

 Both camara are Awsome
Flowless performance
Dispaly is great
Looks Nice
Over all Don't think more just go for it... 

 some time mobile is hung after restarting phone is up but it's happened on daily basis, while using two SIMS on the phone. 

 I have bought Lenovo 6000 plus. it worked good no problem till now. it is really good product from flipkart 

 Phone is getting hang while chatting on whats app , facebook ... in a day i got 4 or 5 time error (its showing black screen ) . 

 Item I have purchased is practically a good one compared to other product in the market in the same price level. 

 good phone in 7k 
awesome performance 
average better life
good camera
good build quality  
i have problem with proximity sensor but will solved by lollipop update 

 I bought this two days ago.and it started hanging up on the first day. the keypad is not working properly....der is a software problem in the phone.get warmed when I m using two three application at one time.i dont want to take any risk.....I would go with some another brand. 

 Excellent one with 2GB Ram for a price of 7499 compared with other brands where a phone with 2GB RAM costs more than 10000. 

 Pros:
1.64 bit quad core processor
2.touch super smooth
3.Full HD display
4.Dolby dual sound speakers great music
5 Light weighted phone 7.9mm 
Cons: 
Only rear camera not that great but ok for this budget
this phone overall experience great 

 One of the beautiful mobile and worth buying. 
You may go for it without second thought.
I have been using it for the last 6 months. There is no problem. 

 i bought this phone on the 30th August 2015. When i bought this phone it was given with the Kitkat version with an update to Lollipop. i had battery charge issues in the first week, but on upgrading to lollipop, it has been fine. Earlier i had the heating problem slightly, but after upgrading to lollipop, it has all been fine. For the price that i paid, I have got what i feel is very good specifications. The camera is good for the price. We cannot compare it to 30k phones. The phone has good performance. Heating occurs very rarely on using it too extensively. The other issue was with auto focus of the camera, which is one off, as my friend using the same phone doesn't have this issue. Overall the phone is worthy for the price i paid. it functions well. No manufacturer provides such good specs for this price. those who have a genuine usage with some gaming and even some heavy usage can also go for this 

 HI,
I AM INTO ONE WEEK USAGE OF THIS SMARTPHONE. AS THE MAME GOES IT IS SMART. GOOD BATTERY LIFE. CLASSY LOOKS. "PALMABLE":I MEAN ITS NOT TOO LARGE FOR YOUR PALM. YOU CAN HOLD AND TYPE WITH ONE HAND ITSELF. ITS NOT ONLY ABOUT THE LOOKS.MICROPROCESSOR SPEED IS GOOD. DISPLAY IS CRYSTAL FINE.DOLBY TWIN SPEAKERS DO WELL.SCREEN SIZE IS FAB. GOOD MULTITASKING. IF YOU ASK ME 2 NEGATIVES THOSE WOULD BE LACK OF EARPHONES IN THE BOX AND IT SLIGHTLY HEATS UP ON CHARGING.IT IS A BUDGET PHONE AND COMES FOR A GOOD PRICE. COOLPAD NOTE 3 LITE COMES WITH A FEW EXTRA GOOD FEATURES FOR 7000 RS...BUT IF YOU LOVE BLACK THEN GO FOR THIS PHONE .BECAUSE COOLPAD COMES ONLY IN WHITE AND DOESNT LOOK THIS COOL... 

 This is a good budget phone to buy. Battery is good (i meant you don't have to carry a power bank) and phone resolution is great. And yes, the phone was delivered within 1 day... so great service flipkart :) 

 I use this Lenovo A6000 it is fantastic product, but i have only one problem i am Gujarati and in this mobile GUJARATI Language not applicable. other futures good. 

 Not a great Phone, Low price phone with low quality materials
Display looks too cheap quality. 
 get Heating while gaming. 

 Phone is worth for money which paying camera quality very bad heating issue but no hanging speed ok look better 

 Nice..!! 
Provide a relevant, unbiased overview of the product. Readers are interested in the pros and cons of the product. 

 I've gifted this mobile to my brother. The mobile is working fine. It stopped vibrating all of a sudden. Don't know what the issue is. 

 awesome reliable and worthy!! A6000 plus is bettter than A6000 then battery back is vry good and 7k is a good price 

 I've been using this phone for about 50 days, working good, everything is fine but unable to uninstall default apps given by the vendor. 

 I am writing this review after nine months of usage.
This product is amazing. No issues with anything at all. Many customers complained about issues after Lollipop update. But I have not faced such thing. It is definitely a future proof phone. The RAM management and internal storage management is excellent. That is why it outperforms other phones with the same hardware. I hoping to use this even for two more years. I love this phone. 

 I have totally satisfied with this phone and the performance. Good camera quality and sound. But the wrong part is there is no hand free with this pack. It is so sad 

 Guys if u are looking for an Android phone with 2 GB of ram then u can go for it.This phone is really good in such a low price.Its look is awesome.its vibe ui is also good for better use.battery backup is good.one thing about its camera is that its camera is far better than any phone in the range up to twenty thousand.Lenovo has done such a good work by releasing this phone.Lenovo a 6000 has ranked 5 the in an mobile survey all over the world beating apples iPhone 6 s .I prefer this phone from bottom of my heart to all of u. 

 Lenovo started making good phone with start of this phone, good phone at this price you are getting many features which which will not come in this price with other branded phone. camera quality is good 

 All the features are pretty good and i am enjoying using this phone for the past one year but some of the Videos which i receive doesnt run second to second rather it finishes quickly in 3-4 seconds. This is the only negative point for this Phone..... 

 I have totally satisfied with this phone and the performance. Good camera quality and sound.and very fast 

 VERY GOOD PHONE IN THIS PRICE
NO ISSUE FOR BATTERY
NO HANG PROBLEM
NO BATTERY BACKUP ISSUE WITH INTERNET 1.5 DAY AND W/O NET 2 DAYS MIN 

 First i thanks to flipkart for super packing and give to me.This is the first phone i bought on online.I bought it a week before,the phone works good.The rear camera quality was good,front camera is ok.Battery back up is satisfied.Due to 2GB of RAM phone works fast.The head phones not come with the box we need to buy.overall under 8000 the phone was good 

 very fragile body.. screen becomes unresponsive on many points.. works very slow after 2 to 3 months of usage.. camera is not up-to the mark as 8 mp should be.. lenovo is a trusted brand but i dont know what they had launched in the market.. 

 At times it gets switched off automatically but overall a nice phone. The back panel is made of plastic and hence not very sturdy. I would still recommend this phone. 

 Good phone under budget.....
Pros are 
Gd quality, Dolby digital sound and good looking
Cons are
No headphones given.. 
. 

 Initially I can...its good budget Android phone with warranty of lenovo for 1 year...bt 2nd sim slot has only 2G service and sometime face isse in 2nd sim slot...apart from this phone is good 

 This is really good product and value for money. Light weight and easy to use. I recommend this product to all of them. 

 nice product offered by Lenovo, no issue after 2 month of use. good build quality, camera quality can be upgraded 

 Lenovo A6000+ is a very good phone for everyone, low budget good configuration phone with good looking light weight.... 

 gifted to my sis and its working extremly fine even on rough use only the thing which is missing is ecompass 

 Phone crashed and Lenovo support was found to be lacking. Really unprofessional support people at the Lenovo Authorized Service Center. 

 Lenovo a6000 plus is very bad phone.don't purchase the phone all features are creat problem. Choose other phone. 

 I am writing this review after using this phone for 6 months. Initially was impressed with the phone. 
Pros: 
Good Sound Quality
Light weight 
Decent battery  
Cons: 
Even though it has 2GB Ram, heavy games doesn't go smooth. 
Heating issue. 
Camera very poor compared MI . 
When you use Dual Sim the battery gets drained very fast 
At times the Data Connectivity stops and you need to reboot the phone to make it work  
In my personal case, WLAN stopped working after 6 months. 
So dont go for these phones. There is lot of options now in the market. 

 Hi This is Nirav, I have purchased this product by flipkart, but after Two Month i have faced Netwark issue with this Lenovo A6000 Plus, So i request you to please do not buy this Mobile . 

 It's a awesome mobile & I love this mobile.good camara quality and resolution.I hope tthis mobile phone sale in India in biggest market. 

 using frm a long time more than 2-3months working properly as I've gifted it to my dad and yes muddy but no lag no issue works good for regular days and battery is a bit smaller but goes a day 

 Buggy phone. Didnt expect this from lenovo while other chinese upcoming players like Mi,Vivo,Le,OnePlus are offering pretty decent S/w(bug free) with good hardware. 

 Hi,
I have been using this phone for the past 6 months and have no issue with it all. A reliable buy. 

 Hi All,  
I took this mobile at 6650/- Camera Quality and Sound is superb. Very light weight. undoubtedly you can buy this mobile.
- Flip-kart packing is superb.
- i got this mobile in with in 34 hours. Thanks to flipkart for Speed delivery. 
- Earphones not included in Box
- Screen Guard included. 
Thanks  

 i was suffere for battery problem on my old mobile,
but now i m very happy for the the mobile lenevo a 6000 . it has good battery backup .
i recomend to buy this product who have problem with battery 
i love this mobile. 

 Hi All
I am giving review for this product after 6 months of purchase from flip kart . I bought it on 4th August 2015 at Rs 7500 .
+ves
1.For around 6000 it is worth of buying 
2.I have installed many apps which uses more memory & which makes your phone to work slow but it never happened in my case . Games like GTA 4 , Candycrush soda & saga .etc.,
3. Effective twin speakers and Dolby Digital Plus audio technology . Great worth for it .
4. Good transfer speed.
5.Nice flashlight.
6. Front Camera is better than Back camera
7.16 GB of internal storage which gives less than 11 GB .
8.Upgrades Available
9.Only 1 SIM slot is capable of 4G/3G/2G another is for only 2G.
10. With more & continuous usage Battery would last for 15-20 hours . Or else it will be upto 36-40 hours
-ves 
1. No hand free .I mean head phones or ear phones
2. Pre installed version Android v4.4.4 (KitKat) but update is available to v5 version
3. After updating to latest version phone is getting heat problems 
4. Pre installed display themes & Widgets are not proper & makes us irritate
5.. I got network errors most of the time . Problem to those who are away from cities & towns in receiving signals .
6. Camera quality of back one is not so much of 8 Mp as given . 

 I am happy buying this phone . It has a lot of specifications for the price . But I give 4 rating because of the problem I faced with this phone last week. Suddenly display stopped responding at certain places of the screen . Took it to the service centre and they got it replaced in 10 days time. 
After going to the service centre, came to know that this model has a weak display and majority of the case was display/touch screen issue. Also few people had heating issues. Luckily I didn't face that.  
This model has low quality display. Apart from this a good phone. Had several lollipop updates till date and also lenevo has good service backup. You can rely on lenevo. 

 All over a good product, but it never catches any opened Wi-Fi source even when other mobiles are able to connect to the same, it could not even identify/scan it.
battery back up is below expectation.
Camera Quality is good , Front camera is appreciated too. 
Facing problem after upgrading it to the latest version of Android. 

 Brought it for my father and at the price it was a steal.  
Except the customized Android (big fan of Vanilla Android), it was overall a good buy. 

 It was my first smart phone and I’m happy about Lenovo a6000plus but small issue. That was notification light (blinking light) was not working in my phone. When I’m receiving any message /notification received the light was not working. And coming to performance the mobile working good and they also provide screen guard and coming to charger was very cheap material and phone takes time for charging nearly 3 to 4hours. Coming camera front cam was very fine and rear camera was not good in night time but in day time it was fine finally I’m receiving small defective phone… 

 loved the white color option. Good camera at this range.. I am using this one from last two days, and I must say, performance is rock solid. Its smooth, fast and great performer for daily users like me. Mind it, am not talking about hardcore gamers or people who need their smartphone stuck to their hands 24X7, coz I am not of them. 

 Guys this is a very nice phone to buy in low budget section. battery life is OK, camera is good but the Lenovo user interface is too boring.
but you can download CM launcher or Hola launcher for that. 
Flipkart delivery process was excellent and impressive, no issues. 
Good low budget phone to buy 

 the battery died..it started leaking ...and has some other issues,
It was restating again and again ... 

 awesome pone in budget price...... camera excellent, processor too good. value for money...... good buy in offer 

 Overall performance is good. Battery performance is not good and also its taking time around 4-5 hours for battery full.. 

 I am using this set for last 4 months. My experience till date has been excellent, good battery backup, device performance is fast, display is good, advantage is dolby sound and 4g compatibility packaged in below Rs 8000...value for money handset 

 Its awesome. I-Phone will loose the market. Look at the speed and ease of connectivity to other devices. Also look at the android apps available in the market. That too at such a low price. Thanks to flipkart for delivering it with in 24 hrs. 

 For the first timer who are trying lenovo this is awesome within ur budget.. although camera little hazy but overall phone is good .. performance awesome. battery good. screen is also good enough..handy and light. 

 Battery is the problem, everything else seems fine. Battery will give you 6-7hrs on wifi if you are constantly using it/6-7hrs of talktime/6-7hrs of 3g browsing l. Sound is awesome. 

 great deal at the price point.
only disappoint is the camera performance which is below average
no lags in ui
no heating issues
gaming experience is ok
screen is decent considering the price
capacitive touch buttons are not backlit but works fine 

 Product is good but after 6 moths it produced heat while talking and charging. When seeing photo in gallery, automatically torch light on. I dont know the reason.  
Overall Camera good, storage good, Musiq gud because of Dolby. 

 This Product Average work and good to use in don't wast money on this product because use in slaw work and it can't work and not good in camera ............ 

 This is good phone at lower price range. Only problem is heating. Buy it if you want mid budget phone. 

 When I bought this product, initially I found it a little slower, as I was a little used to the Windows Operating system. However, with a couple of software upgrades - I had to change my mind and makes this one of the best phones in this price segment. The HD display is superior and the 2GB / 16 GB combination provides the Lenovo A 6000 to be a superior performer, even in the most dismal network connections. 

 I BOUGHT THIS MOBILE FOR MY FRIEND IN HIS BUDGET AND HE IS IN LOVE WITH THIS MOBILE...HE IS NOT A HEAVY USER...AND THE SPEED OF THE MOBILE IS GOOOD 

 product is very good.. and price is very reasonable..all features is available in it. but it also has a problem.. that is heating problem.. bt otherwise this is good.. 

 excellent phone.......superb performance......with lenovo surface regular update receives........and about flipkart it's my 3rd phone purchased from it........going to purchase 4th phone from flipkart,,,,,,,, 

 Great Value for the money and performance is excellent. no need of instaling softwares for our current requirement. only one disadvantage - - OTG cannot connectable in this mobile.
 rest assured and great in built 

 Lenovo A6000 Plus  
very good product CAMERA VERY GOOD NOT HANG FULL SPEED PHONE 
VERY GOOD 

 i got a phone 28th jan 2016, after 2days of usuage good battery backup upto 8hrs for norma usage , no hanging issues still and 2nd sim not working in 4g, camera is not good , front camera is ok,slim and beauty, no notification indication light little bit drawback, media sound volume is very low compare to other phones like this range, after the system update to lollipop version some icon havebeen missed, overall its good mobile 

 I love my phone alot before upgrading.....but after upgrading my phone kitkat4.4.4to lollipop I feel irritated don't upgrade ur phones guys 

 I haven't use this phone yet, but as far as the accessories part is concern, This phone come without earphone.
I don't understand what the reason behind this. Now a days even small budget phone came with earphone but after spending 7000 bucks also i didn't get earphone. 

 Flipkart is the name of the new superhero....Its faster than even FLASH !!!! Hi5 Flipkart......................... Coming to the product...nice product beautiful phone ..handy..etc etc..i just love it... 

 Very good phone justify price and also too good service of flipkart's. 

 Awesome phone.. I have purchased 8 nos. till date. Really good phone at this affordable cost. 
No one can provide this type configuration at this cost. My challenge for all of you. 

 Within 2 days i received this mobile, thanks to Flipkart fast service 
Mobile is good in all prespective 
Just one i dislike is that Lenovo A6000+, Not having any headphone, New headphone will cost me around INR 500  
Overall Good phone with 2GB RAM within 10k 

 The camera is not so well...and there is a lot of problems after using 4 months..you can buy in this rate a better mobile.. 

 i was very much satisfied with the service and the product. this product is very great . the packing was not so good . its ok 

 " I HAVE PURCHASES LENOVO A6000+ ON DT.28/10/2015.ORDER NO.OD304253548739648000 . BUT PHONE BATTERY IS NOT WORK PROPERLY.KINDLY REPLACE MY BATTERY AND DO THE NEEDFUL AT YOUR END.". 

 I am writing this review after 2 months of using this phone. Excellent Phone, Amazing Speed and Battery life. Full paisa wasool. 

 average phone , overpriced 
better option is redmi 2 prime.
feature like dolby sound are just gimmic,
can't be said to be value for money   

 Received Before Expected Date, This Product is Amazing. I'm Using This Product From 4-5 Months, And i like its features 
At This Budget, This Phone Is Just Awesome, Flawless And Incredible Product. 

 This phone has good screen with 320ppi. Contrast ratio is good as well.  
the only thing it lags behind in is it doesn't support OTG. 

 Its a great mobile i have bought ever. Its almost 1year now and this phone literally being used very rough that I have dropped it almost every day and still no issues with it. Its a great phone for daily use 

 Budget phone which satisfy all needs of average user.Everything is perfect in this device except OTG support. 

 Lenovo A6000 Plus is nice smartphone with all the features intact in it.Its processor is quite fast supports almost all the apps,camera is ok and battery backup is also good.Lookwise it is slim set with good design.If you want to buy a smartphone in 7-8K price range then go for it.... 

 If you leave the OS thing...Then It is the best deal you can get for a nice, Power Efficient, 4G phone with Quality pictures and many other features as well.. 

 cam clarity was pretty excellent. but only the problem is when i upgraded to lolipop 5. mobile getting very slow. that is really bad experience. except this everything was very good 

 In daily usage,phone is snappy and camera is great.Phone's price doesn't put a hole in your pockets. 
Bought it for mother,who is newbie smartphone user.
Phone doesn't require much learning curve, everything on home screen, no app drawer on default. 
Lollypop update was given just after few days of launching it,which is great.
Lenovo has added many apps on their own,which cant be deleted (blessing or curse depending on your usage). UI is light though,compared to past Lenovo UI or even Toughwiz,but phone doesn't loose out on features. 
Nearly 1.3 GB of RAM is unused after lollypop update,before update I had 1.4 GB of free RAM. 
Camera clarity is good for both primary and front camera.Front camera can be used for video calls,
if you don't shake phone too much,else you`ll suffer from ghosting effect.But all smartphones suffer from this problem,so we can ignore it. 
Sound is good but you don't get headphones inside box. 
CPU/GPU pair is one of better in price range.Doesn't heat much like normal smartphones even on prolonged heavy use. 
Most entry level phones have bugs,or shortcomings.This virtually has none. 

 it has a very good specifications, but it gets heated a lot!! it goes over 42Â° and the battery is draining so quick. 

 Phone is good. software and quality looks cheaper comparing with other phone in same price range.Much delicate to handle without strong cover.Processor and memory good for normal use. 

 As usual flipkart delivery was fast with good packaging. Received product with good condition. 
Here is my review after six month of the usage
1). With 2GB RAM processing speed is good. 
2). Touch sensitivity is good.
3). Battery backup is good.
4). No heating issues.
5). Lightweight mobile.
6). HD display is average.
7). Excellent sound quality
8). Voice clarity is good. 
Conclusion: The Best at this price 

 Lot of software bugs... If u upgrade to lolipop better stability but very less battery backup... I recommend don't buy this... 

 very nice phone
with gud battry backup
2gb ram give u more speed
very light weight .awesome sound qulity 

 Better smart phone with 2 GB ram & 16 GB inbuilt memory design is good battery backup is also good sometimes it hangs but after software upgrade hanging problems itself disappear & earphone is not with phone 

 Its a very good phone in this budget.  
Batter back up is good.
Camera quality average.
No Lagging. 
For me its a very gud gadget in this budget. 
Any one go for it. 

 it is good phone but fun is incomplete without earphones. Earphones are available neither in the market nor on flipkart. this phone could be best choice within this budget if provided with earphones. 

 Good mobile in the budget price segment., Flipkart service is good. UI (Ketkat 4.4.4) is very good. But update to Lollipop 5.0 battery is quick discharge. So don't Change the UI. 

 My Friend is using this phone and he is satisfy with it. I have ordered it for my another friend and he is also satisfied 

 This mobile rock the town, the feather weight mobile feels no weight. the user interference is great and the speed is good as it has 2GB RAM. 

 Very good Android phone. Light weight , touch screen is smooth, no lag in processing , good cell with 5" screen at low cost and having 2 gb ram. In the pack a screen protector is also avaible. But you will not get ear phone with the pack and you need to buy separately. I am happy with this product and I got this product in a day . thanks to flipkart 

 In 7K.. best buy
Nw upgradble to lolipop too
2GB ran and 16gb intrnal combination in 7K makes it best buy, screen qulity amezing, camera and battry little average ..ol over best buy in 7K 

 Dhassoo ph never lags, never hangs , it has a fastest processor and ram compatibility in this price tag. I am using it since 1 yr not a singke problem at all i hv seen in ths ph .other companies like micromax, mi and even samsung i hate samsung phones because initially samsung phns run smoothly and after 6 months they hang like a hell, these companies provide much more specifications but they fail to deliver quality in phones. Hatts off LENOVO. 

 I bought this phone Lenovo A6000 plus on 16th October, well this is a nice phone with HD display, big screen 5 inch to see photos and videos, I liked the wall paper, Camera is awesome 8 pixels rear and front 2 mp clicks nice photo in day light, the best part i liked is dolby sound which gives smoothness to your ears, I am happy for flip kart delivered me this product on time. 

 I have bought this phone from flipkart and used it for 5 days. Phone specifications are good. However, I found that third party apps can't write into SD card using this phone. 
The problem is basically with lenovo UI. Their UI has bug which don't allow permission screen to grant access to third party app. Other mobile UI provides that permission screen with android 5. 
No updates ragarding that on OTA. Finally have to return this product. Completely hassle free return thanks to Flipkart WS Retail. 

 Good mobile & good specifications and one - point camera clarity is very bad 

 Super phone. Using it for 5 months and its awesome. Got lollipop update and ever since it is smooth. Super hot specs at that time at the price of Rs7499. 

 phone is very vary good in terms of performance but build quality and camera quality is very poor..,........................................ 

 Really nice product. Weightless, stylish. only one thing is missing here, that is headset. We need to buy separately. Amazing speed. Showing 2GB RAM's experience. Value for Money. 

 2GB RAM and Quad CPU helps a lot in performance. The device has a amazing screen quality. I found the phone nice for those who need a budget device with gaming, camera and performance need. Do not expect much. 

 Nice one... This z a gud phone under this range ....nice battery back up ... (( rajjsyed)) 
 
the most imp function of phone is to hear loudly and to be heard clearly. This phone pass this test in merit list. I am satisfied with this phone. Its dolby sound with dual speaker is also superb. 

 Read a lot about its camera. Yes camera is very good but in this price the overall configuration is good. Brought it for my mother. She is using it since 7-8 months and is satisfied with camera also. 

 Good phone. Love it. Nice style and outfit. Nice storage capacity 

 everything is mast
sandar battry
nice toch
camera is best
very nice salfi camra
......................... 

 Right buy and a value for money. .but some problems.
Gets hot after a regular use of 1to 2 hrs ..
Doesn't have a battery saver for saving some last percentages of it. 
Rest all is fine with it.  

 Quite good at that price sub 7k price point.Packed with 2 GB RAM in which 900 mb is always free.16 GB ROM in which there are about 10 GB free to use and many installed apps can also be uninstalled. The UI is just awesome after upgrading to lollipop. 
But there is serious problem using any memory card on it.That's a real problem. 
B 

 At this price point . This is really good phone with snapdragon chip-set which is the main reason to like it 
PERFORMANCE IS REALLY AWESOME. 
The only thing is that the hardware touch buttons doesn't have LED light..so its little bit difficult to see ... 

 This mobile rock the town, the feather weight mobile feels no weight. the user interference is great and the speed is good as it has 2GB RAM. 

 i purchase this phone in 2015 
 and suffering with touching problem.  
waste of money .... 
config of this phone is gd .. but performance is not good as showing on advertisement . 

 I have gift this phone to my brother and he was very happy after using this, working great & easy. so over all good 

 I just love this one.. in RED.. it look so cool with such a clear screen.. smooth performance.. good sound quality..camera ofcourse superb... unfortunately lost one recently(being theft).. but didnt hesitate to reorder the same model again.. I also see other mobiles prices gradually decreasing.. but this ones stood at the same price.. which i feel is such demanding in the market.. :) 
nly prblm I see is a minute call quality.. just a bit low.. 

 Value for Money product. Protective Cover was gifr from Flipkart side which is a part of Customer delight. 

 It's been a while using this phone and i feel that it lacks the power punch which should be there in such a similar specs phone. Instead, go for redmi. 

 Very nice product thank u flipcart I want to buy once again this product 

 My Mobile is lying with Lenovo Support team from three months due to mother board replacement issue . I have purchased the Mobile in August month I found that the mobile data was not working fine which I have intimated to flip kart team for replacement which was denied. With no other option left I went to Lenovo support center where the support person on hearing the issue simple suggested to replace the mother board and informed that it would take 4 weeks to 5 weeks time minimum and off late they are receiving the complaints from consumers that Lenovo A6000plus mobiles sold from flip kart were more in number which were found to be faulty . When I got an call from service center that motherboard had been replaced I took the delivery of phone . After 1 week of use the same mobile data connectivity issue arises went to back to service center for support I have been intimated that the mother board which was replaced has also issues and I need to wait for some time more the waiting saga continues ..... wanted to rate zero which isn't supported. 

 I loved the phone and I will appreciate that it is packs quite some power for the price. 
I am a heavy user of communication / productivity apps I think this phone has the right combination of performance, looks and price for a power user. I don't really use the camera so I wouldn't comment on that. The music volume output is bit on the lower side but that doesn't matter if you are primarily planning to use this as a business phone. 
I was generally happy with this and even recommended to couple of colleagues in first few months of usage. All was well until it started taking forever to charge. Then I saw that there was a problem with the charging socket so took it to the service centre.  
The service centre said I would have to leave the phone with them for a few days and didn't provide an alternative handset. They said if I want an alternative handset then I should contact Lenovo support which is always busy. Then they diagnosed that the charging wire was bad and suggested I buy a new wire. I did that and it worked for a few days and then again I had the same problem. 
This time I moved my stuff to an alternate phone and left the phone with them. I got a call back after 4 days or so saying they have replaced the motherboard. I took the phone home and saw that the charging was fixed but the phone now took forever to recognise my sim card and always showed low signal at very same spot where other phones showed 3 or 4 bars in signal. Also the software update failed twice.
So I took it again to the service centre and as usual they suggested I leave it with them. 
I would have rated the phone higher had it not been the pathetic service which requires a customer to walk in 4 times within a month and the issue is still not fixed.   

 lenovo cover is amazing. . .and this complete fit with mobile . . .. . . . . . . 

 Best Android smart Mobile in terms of money & Brand as on date 

 Best mobile under 8000 No lagging of phone due to 2GB ram The product is worth of money rear camera is good with great flash selfies are great
The following errors have occurred: 

 very nice phn... battery backup is very good.. recently upgraded in lolipop.. i m very much satisfied. 

 This phone is nice. Battery back up is excellent. Camera Quality is above average .
Sound Quality is average .Other things are excellent. But best phone in this price 
range after Redmi prime 2. 

 its a very nice product..in this range... and superb service in case of any defect. so need not to panic about anything before you buy it...... 

 This smartphone is a too good product. Everyone can buy it. In this budget this is a amazing smartphone. I like this phone. But guys don't upgrade lollipop. This o/s too bad. 

 Good mobile for but should have the basic requirements like otg & notification light as now a days every mobile it getting this options as default... 

 This is heating up very quickly while using internet, and playing games.. and battery is draining too fast.. Other wise this is very good product in this price 

 I am a first time user of a smartphone. For such customer, Lenovo A6000 Plus is a very good budget phone. It has all the required features that serves the purpose of a smartphone well. 

 Hi Viewers, 
I have bought this mobile on this October 2015. First one month it's worked great, like the battery backup coming around 12 hrs( Played games around 1 hr)> I have keep charging the phone every alternative day. Later i have updated the software from that day onwards started facing problem...
The touch is nt working properly...
If I charged the mobile and i used for continuously around 5 hrs (gaming, chatting, browsing), still the battery showed 100%. I got doubt and rebooted the mobile, then the battery backup suddenly down to 20%...This is the main problem in this mobile. 
rest every feature is very good in this margin....  

 Thats a great mobile in this range with several feature its give more than atleast micromax and samsung. 

 I bought this for my brother and it is really nice phone with a long life battery and awesome camera clarity . But there is a little heating problem but leave it because it doesn't heat as much as samsung. 

 i suggest to buy a6000plus than vibe p1m  
except battery remaining all are better in a6000plus only. so please go with that 

 Phone RAM, internal memory display size is good compare to other phones with same price. But phone is heated frequently and battery die out very quickly. 

 I only just bought this phone and it is consistently switching off multiple times a day without any reason. Everytime this happens, the only way out is to literally remove the battery and re-insert. The same problem has been found in a lot of Lenovo A6000s (check online forums for more). 
DO NOT, I REPEAT, DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE OR YOUR BATTERY LIFE IS DEAD. 

 don't by this product because it is many fault.
1. double sim is not working
2. back camera is compliant, some time output is blank when took photos
3. mobile data is not working while we connect. 
4. charge lose after 2.45 hour 

 I have been using the product, Its is really good. Got an update to Android v5.
Flipkart delivered well in advance of the delivery date.
Awesome packing as well.
The pack had a free screen guard as well... 

 I have used this product and found that receiver sound quality is very poor. all other things were manageable. 

 i purchased it for my brother who is a govt employee and using the android mobile for the first time ...... after a prolonged usage of 6 months he is very very happy with it .... by comparing his mobile with his colleagues ... thanks for lenovo 

 Go for it all updates are good. Makes must buy the phone in this range. 
Camera Quality is OK. Battery Life is Fine.
All other parameters are good 

 Best mobile under 8000 
No lagging of phone due to 2GB ram
The product is worth of money
rear camera is good with great flash
selfies are great 

 this is the best phone at this price currently. Very good camera quality...and gud peformance. Worth buying it 

 at 5inches, with RAM-2GB & 16GB ROM.......nothing is required more......earlier i was fed up with the insufficient space in the fones........Lenovo A6k is making me happier now.......RED colour ordered for wife..... 

 Ow some product..... 
I more trust on flipkart compare to other e-commerce company.....
Thank again for delivered my phone time to time ........
Flipkart was best........ 

 Its a very good phone.. I think Lenova best phone is a6000 plus...I very like this phone...thank you for flipcart and lenova 

 Its a very good phone.. I think Lenova best phone is a6000 plus...I very like this phone...thank you for flipcart and lenova 

 I am reviewing after using 60 days, processing speed is good enough to surf the web and playing games, battery life is also be good, coming to camera selfie is not so impress where as rear camera is good, less weight but design is not so impressive, audio is nice and touch is to be good, main drawback is no protection glass, anyway they given screen guard.
what they given specifications and all good. if u looking for the best budget phone give preference to this also, after all u r calculations this should be in No. 1 

 Really worth for money..I will be more happy if it comes with OTG support and Lollipop..Any wat lenovo updated lillipop update its fine 

 my lenovo A600 plus mobile phone this mobile is very good i'm very happy you know thank you flipkart
so then to my product is very fine 

 Using it since 7 months, no issues found. Except the youtube application stops while watching youtube videos. 
There is NO Simultaneous Conference Call facility in the phone. You can make a conference call but cannot talk to Only One Person at a time and not multiple persons at a single time. 
Front camera is better than the Rear Camera 
Overall a great product by Lenovo within this price range 

 This is not good phone so pls don't buy lenovo 6000 plus i have buy myy lenovo 6000 plus last 2 month and in this phone there is lot probolms
major problem is hanging 

 MOBILE IS GOOD WITH ALL GOOD FEATURES, RUNNING VERY GOOD, ONLY PROBLEM ITS SOUND QUALITY WHICH IS LOW AND ALSO YOU CAN WATCH VIDEOS ONLY IN INBUILT SOFTWARE, YOU CAN'T DOWNLOAD ANY NEW SOFTWARE AS IT DID NOT INSTALLED IN IT 

 good fone with 100% battery backup large display good camera features with frot calling camera no heating with earphone and travel adepter. nice phone from flipkart with WS RETAILER.. 

 This smartphone is superhero of all smartphone best in budget smart phones. 
Buy it in Aug 2015 & its works smoothly till date...
Thanks Lenovo for making such a classy smartphone. 

 1.GPS will not work as you expected- will get frustrated 
2.compass apps will not work
3. Whatsapp, should open the app to get notification, contacted Lenovo and flipkart - said they are not responsible for third party apps and will not return or replace the phone.
............................................................................................................................... 
other than above points, not much problems, speed is good, camera is good.. display is good..  
if you want to buy this, forget about GPS , whatsapp notifications, compass. 

 lenovo 6000 plus is superb mobile... 
using for 6 months...
no problem... 
lenovo is awesome.... 
ws retiler are good service... 
12 mobile purchased but no problem on any device... 
mobile are very good.... 

 Having it since last May. zero issues so far. Fast .  
Audio and video are great as well. 
Note: From what I hear from my friends upgrade to lolipop which is on demand makes the phone seem slower. however the shipped kitkat is seemless. 
a Definite buy for me. Actually got Two. 

 it is nice phone..as per the specifications and battery back up is also good..overall it is a excellent phone. 

 I brought this phone for my friend, Cheap and best mobile. My friend are happy got it.....................................Good Features 

 package arrived intact, touch experience is not so good, we cant expect this for the price paid. Experienced lag while switching apps. Camera output not so good. 

 Based on my purchase i can comment that product quality and service both are very poor.Not recommending to buy this product. 

 Lenovo A6000 plus is awesome mobile
It is value for money.Samsung will never provide this type of product of Mobile.
Samsung is a loot company.
They always keep their price too high,
I'm I'm totallllllllllllyyyyyyy satisfied with this product thans to Flipkart 

 I dont understand the hype for this mobile. It is bcoz of its cost. 
Reality:
I bought 6 months ago. I recently upgraded to Android Lollipop and the phone has become slow and it does not sustain for 1 day charge if you are using it like a smartphone.
I live in a area where network coverage is very poor for my airtel.
My wife uses airtel too in her nokia lumia 520. 
But i do not 0 signal, and she gets signal very quickly when she moves into signal zone. But i do not get at all, unless i restart. 
The phone response is very bad, the phone does not match up to my speed.
It is slow like hell., and will make you slow.  
GPS DOES NOT WORK AT ALL. I TRAVEL A LOT, AND I ALWAYS TEND TO USE GPS., and GPS isn't working right from day 1. 
Positives:
Camera, Music, Game, Video viewing quality, video capture.. 

 This is my 5th order of Lenovo A6000 Plus. A decent mobile in this price segment. Would strongly recommend. Thanks to Flipkart. 

 The Best at this price
First of all, let me thank Flipkart for on time delivery of this awesome product. 
Now, for all those haters, I have to say: 
1. Guys, are you serious, complaining about a phone with only 7.5 k and comparing it with the phones worth approx 20k.
2. I am using this one from last two days, and I must say, performance is rock solid. Its smooth, fast and great performer for daily users like me. Mind it, am not talking about hardcore gamers or people who need their smartphone stuck to their hands 24X7, coz I am not of them.
3. The feel on hands is very comfortable with its Matte back and its super l… (Expand) 

 Good phone for the price .
Product Rate - 7/10.
Battery is not good enough
Heating problem 
Please Check all reviews and Buy 

 Best mobile in this price range...!!! 
Only concern is camera, but need to accept the fact that you cant get anything in this price. 

 Fast user interface ,camera quality is excellent,, best in price range ,no heating issues, battery backup is above average. 

 good working well, nice features, front cam is so better. its almost same as Lenovo A6000 in terms of camera quality or other things. only difference Ram and internal memory.And the ram difference is something useful for gamers.
if you are not a gamer, go for Lenovo A6000 :) 

 The hardware inside is damn good. The phone works flawlessly without any lags/slowing down. I hate the Lenovo UI on top of Android. Looking for a Cynogenmod built. If I found a stable version will flash it when I'm done with the warranty. Camera is okay not so great. And no OTG Support. :( For Rs. 7499/- it's a good deal. No Regrets. 

 The touch screen display stopped working after a weeks use. It feels like we are touching on gum. Returned and bought K3 note. 

 i am very happy by this phone...ye bahut hi best phone hai 7000 to 8000 ki range me... ekdam sahi aur bahut hi badhiya phone hai..its camera performance so excellent 

 I'm using this nearly 2 monthes.. till now-
1. good battery backup.
2.No heating issue.
3.Camera quality is goods but when you zoom the quality degraded.
4.awsome speed.
5.no lagging.
6.attractive sound quality which is the main feature that i like.. 

 Good product, but while using too much it wil be heat
Otherwise good 

 i think it is a good phone in 6k 
web browsing speed is good..it running very fast
camera quality is fine 

 Camera quality and battery backup is very good. 
Handset looking attractive. 
Have a problem handset quickly heat when play game and reduce battery quickly.
Otherwise A6000+ is well phone. 

 Camera quality and battery backup is very good. Handset looking attractive. Have a problem handset quickly heat when play game and reduce battery quickly. Otherwise A6000 is well phone. 

 Everything Is Awesome ....Best In Class Product.................................................................. 

 Poor quality camera, heating problem... battery back up not good, stands for just one day only. issue with display.. Skip it 

 good phone, reasonable price, battery backup is fine as well.. thanks flipkart for the timely delivery. 

 It gets heated up, easily....even when you make phone calls( lasting 5 minutes)... It becomes very hot when watching videos, display does not work properly 

 I have purchased 2 lenevo A600 plus one in april-2015 and one in oct-2015 right now both in Service center and have same problem motherboard not working.So Guys dont go with this phone. 

 Very nice phone in such a low price. Thanks to flipkart for giving further discount during mega sale. 

 1....i was very excited to bought this phone. 
2...5th month i felt really excited to why i am buy this phone. 
here we go the problem , 
1, simply hang my phone totally dead. so i went to service center they said mother board is dead. they cannot resolve the software problem . so they replaced new mother board fine ..
2, within 15 days software issue some apps not working, fine they are also reset software and resolve the issue.
3, Again within 5 days main camera is not functioning totally dead ..again i went to service center they said will change the new camera part thats it. Since i have given around one month to the service showroom till now i dont have my phone in my hand ... 
What the hell is shit happening i never seen this kind of lenovo phone ever..... really worst ..........worst...........worst....... technology for lenovo.....shame lenovo 

 1. Camera Poor
2. Not great design
3. Lagging in Performance 
Advantages: 
1. Good Phone in this price range
2. Good Specifications
3. Good Storage Space available
4. Light-Weight 

 Nice mobile at such a low rates........
After using it for 10 months, i am satisfied with the product.. No issues till now...
NYC work Lenovo...... 
Hats off to Flipkart for delivery before tym.... Happy with your service guys.... 

 The phone's performance is no doubt exceptional but the only drawback is it camera quality. And to some extent it's screed, otherwise this phone is awesome for game lovers and multitasking. 

 Nice camera, working without lag, battery backup is fine.
Overall good deal in this price range.
Moreover this phone is also light weight. 

 Best phone in this range...
Camera is gud both front nd back 
Touch is also fine 

 Super mobile that's y I have taken 3 mobiles even my first order mobile get stolen after purchasing of 45 days. 

 I am using this product since last more than 6 months time and is best product with best feature with this price... Camera is good, speed is great with 4G and 3G... 

 Everything except otg
Nice touch 
Gud sound quality 
Value for money 

 If your budget is limited around 7000 then go for this phone. This phone is best at its price. 2 GB helps a lot. Camera quality is satisfied. After all, a nice phone. 

 go for it .lots of apps and camera is just woww,I love my phone.It will be one year in march.My phone still looks and runs like new one 

 Really Great features for a very less cost.Using since above 6 months,its a nice experience.can go for it.Product delivery also very fast. 

 Purchase it comparing price of other similar products as the product doesn't have any issue and even ample amount of service outlets are available all over India and abroad too, just a price worthy technology gadget 

 Battery backup excellent.
Nice to touch interaction
Camera quality
Worth more than paid
Wight less and nice look 

 pro:
Camera-5/5
disply-5/5
battery-4.5/5
sound-4/5
speed-5/5 
cons:
GPS location very poor, no direction arrow 
overall its super @ this price 

 This phone was working good until i installed the system updates hoping to get better results.
However it was completely opposite of it, after running system update the messaging feature and contact manager has become non responsive.
Every time I have to make an urgent call or text some one I have to wait for a few minutes for the phone to respond.  

 The piece was good .... delivery was quick... nice performance .... but you need to by a head set seperately...... 

 1ST DAY PHONE NOT WORK PROPERLY. INCOMING CALL VOICE IS NOT CLEAR LISTING . CAMERA QUAILTY IS NOT GOOD..... 

 MY ORDER MOBILE BLACK COLOUR, CHANGE MOBILE COLOUR WHITE PIECE PLEASE BACKKING CHANGE TO WITE MOBILE 

 Really nice service by flipkart, 
amazing mobile phone as well in this range. Used for a week till now and found no problem as of now. 

 Very good product. No issues till now purchased six months back. Very Speed in Gaming. The only issue is Cam (8 MP), not enough for me to get good pictures 

 Marvelous phone, extremely light, flawless size, astounding memory, modish looks. The durability is not all that great thought. If your phone falls it may get a bit damaged a bit from the corners. But its not all that bad. Just a screen guard or a tempered glass is perfect to make your phone well guarded from damage. The music layout is not very cool and not that up to date. but the overall layout is just fine. Its really awesome to get such a stupendous product at such a less price. I would highly recommend everyone on buying this product. 

 The phone lenovo A6000 Plus has simply surpassed my expectations. It is worth every penny that i Have spent. Regarding the technical specifications this phone outshines any other phone in the below 8000 range.  
What more can you expect of a phone in this range. It is not wise comparing the phone with high end phones if performance is the value that is to delivered then it has done well in the market place. 
I reccomend all to go for this phone.
Keep up the good work Flipkart for the prompt delivery. 

 Very good product. It is good value for money. Packing & delivery are satisfactory. Quite satisfied with the product. 

 Excellent product and cheap and best mobile ,under 10000 rs top 5 mobile 

 its a good mobile battery backup is good how ever charging is little slow its a good mobile for this price range i am satisfied with this product and it is also play games pretty good. 

 what to say!! in this price range it is a big surprise in a small packet..
gaming, camera (except in low light), battery backup is all just awesome.. the phone looks quite attractive and stylish.. and the most important one is, the dolby surround system.. wooof!! what to say, whether u are playing games or watching an HD movie or listening to music it gives a theatre like feel. JBL T250SI On-the-ear Headphone or Sony MDR-XB450 On-the-ear Headphone gives the best experience. moreover the phone is very light weight and easy to carry.. after a month of usage i didn't experience any heating or lagging issue (as mentioned in the other reviews). overall, if u are in budget range of 7,500, i would say its the best u will get. i have used honor, samsung, micromax, YU Yuphoria, and its the best what i have ever bought till now. and yeah, if you were looking for antutu benchmark, then i myself had conducted the test and it showed "24,180" which is just great at this price range.. just go for it..!! ;) 

 it is a good phone ..truely worth the money put in....
only camera is not upto the mark ..
best point it is very light and also its battery is very good 

 this Mobile is good and reached my expectations but it should have upgraded to Lollipop camera quality is also good both Back and front camera.Battery level is even good 

 After using this phone for 4 months I can definitely say this is one of the best phone for around 7000. 
Only issue I have found with this phone is that the person on the other end won't be able to hear you properly due to low voice. The solution? restart the phone.
Other than this this phone is great. 

 nice product only problem is camera at night.....
but a worthy one for this price''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''' 

 Mobile is good with nice features like 2GB RAM AND 16GB inbuilt memory and the mobile is user friendly worth for the money 

 Nice product. Go for it. Purchased this for 6029/- on a big sale.
I Did not find cons. 2GB RAM is quite good with great performance.
I recommend this. 

 "It is good to have this service in indore. Up until now we are happy with ur service. app is good....there should be live location tracking of product. and your product is original.' 

 best android phone with low cost.
it gets heated soon.
it does not have infrared radiations so u can't use as remote using remote apps.
excellent with great features in such a low cost. 

 It is the best config available for the price.
Only disappointment is camera.
Pictures are not that great as I expected it to equal if not better when compared to my old Samsung Galaxy S duos, given its a camera with a better config. 

 Really a good product in this price range.. 
Cam performence need to improve , except all features are fyn. 

 Excellent phone. Good HW and SW. Camera decent. No gorilla glass. Both sim can work in LTE............................................................................................................................................................................... 

 I have'nt come across such an inferior product. The backcover is made up of cheap plastic. My mobile just falls down from d panel while I'am using it. 

 1. Yes I bought this for my husband. Very good phone with good features. Camera is good.  
2. The UI is like iOS but you can load launchers available in market and give it your own personality. I will recommend Nova Launcher. Camera pretty good both front n back. No lag. 
 
Hello Guys I Bought this phone on and almost it is 1.5 months with no problem. 
Awesome mobile with best battery backup!! 
Camera also very good both front and rear 
Budget phone 

 Nice phone, amazing display, camera quality is good. Thanks Flipkart for the quick and timely delivery.
Budget phone , could be great gift within 10k range. Pleased! 

 I purchased the phone for my father.
In less than one month it started giving all kinds of trouble. The phone is very slow to respond, The software is pathetic and multiple times reboot. The voice quality is very bad. Overall i will rate the phone as the worst phone i have purchased. 

 Dear friends, 
This is a Really good phone from LENOVO no problem found yet and I m giving review after 3 months using this phone. Thanks. 

 lenovo awsm phone no issue .. i bought 2 pcs both r working fine .. all is working good but some issue with cam and battery . 

 Phone never got stucked due to 2 GB ram and internal memory 16GB is good one.
Camera quality is not good compare to other phones with 8mp.
I am really satisfied with its performance. 

 I have gifted it to my uncle. it's a good one looks costly and stylish,
not checked if it works good on high end games but, normal games can be played without any intervention. 
No heating problem.
camera is good, i would rate 7/10 but it's good for this price
handy product, thin and looks and feels good while using it. 

 i used this phone for a week ..there was no issues of this product.battery,touch is great.camera only little not satisfied.but at this price the phone really amazing.no lags. 

 Loving this phone,k3 n a6000 bought on same day..till no probs in this phone wherever k3 has worst exp....I found better phone compare to k3 note... Camera quality good have better..rest looks fine 

 It's on avaverage budget. Which give sufficient features for better price. 

 It's worth for the money you pay. I feel awesome after started using this smart phone. The only cons I have is it doesn't provide you Headset. 

 I brought mble was to heat so I exchange my mobile thanks to flipart 

 Purchased this phone in April 2015. It is December 2015 and I am facing multiple hardware and software issues already. I do not use this phone for gaming and clear recent apps regularly, yet it has managed to lag almost every time I open more than one app. The battery life is unpredictable and inconsistent. Parts of the touch screen have stopped working and I have to rely on auto-rotate to press some icons. I updated the OS once and even did a factory reset but it was of no held in resolving any software issues. Never buying Lenovo again. 

 in to 5th month. One side of the phone doesn't have any sensitivity. It seems, most of A6000 plus have this problem due to a digitizer issue. It is better for Lenovo to recall the product and provide a replacement. Visiting service centre is not helpful. I am giving 2 stars for the ok performance in initial days. 

 I bought this for my dad and it is the first phone I bought for my dad and is the best. He is liking it. Good camera, good speed, good speed and performance. 
Only glitch I found was phone is not able to store more contacts, it stops at 250 contacts, I have to still chk what the problem is. I will confirm once I fix it. 

 Low budget phone
Good phone
Battery long lasting
Not hang 
Good screen 

 I have been using this mobile from last 6 month, still now no problem and it works fast. But the only issue is no menu, keeping everything in home page looks ugly. I suggest lenovo should come with stock android. 

 This phone is just great at this price. Superb Performance with 2 GB RAM & 16 GB Internal Memory. Camera quality is also very good.
After the Lollipop update this phone's performance increased and the camera quality also increased.
Very light weight, just 128 Grams.
Dolby Sound is also just great, sound quality is very good.  

 Perfect value for money phone. 
Bought this for my wife. Our first ever Lenovo product in fact.
Its been almost six months since she has been using it and no issues faced till date. 
Decent battery life too. 
Planning to buy one for myself too but now I am confused between A6000 Plus and Vibe P1m. 

 Best thing 
5 Inches Screen
Best Display 
2 GB RAM
16 GB ROM
Best Class In Camera
Best Performance of Batteries Back Up and Accessibility  
And Draw Back
OTP not Available
 Slow Delivery of Company 
Thats It 

 Pros:
no lags
low price
2 gb ram
decent camera 
cons
android 4.4 dont upgrade to lollilop you will all kinds of problem
Average battery life like all smart phones
one sim is 4G not both 
good one to have on this price category,less weight and looks cool. 

 lenovo-a6000-plus Mobile Configuration is good. But it Is Not Actuly Work for Good. Camera Is very Poor. Heating Problem. 

 really good phone but i was expecting better rear 8m quality which simply sucks.. pixels are intermixed and scattered 

 The mobile is too good. Photo and sound quality also nice. What i expected the quality that is same. Battery is not with stand. Battery time has to be increased it could be better. 

 First of all Thanks to Flipkart for delivering with in a day. Ordered on 22 Dec 2015 and received on 23 Dec 15 at 12pm. 
Very good packing. Nice Mobile at the price 6,999/-. Got 500/- in offer. :-) 
Coming to Mobile, Don't see any lags. working awesome. 
Camera is very good under sun light and average in night shots. 
More brightness in artificial lighting. Need to reduce the EV light setting while night shots. 
Touch response is awesome. Taking more time to upgrade VIBE New UI.  
Still need to check many things. Will post soon.  
After 2Months usage:
Bugs in VIBE New UI. 
Not able to see the Facebook icon after installing. 
and all Photos are not visible in Gallery. Means, if you taken from either bluetooth or via shareit. those pics are not visible. Its sitting as Hidden files. 
Little bit slow charging. Taking more time to charge comparing with other branded mobiles. 
Finally good product at this price point. 6,999/-  

 Friends i bought Lenovo A600plus and k3 note almost together. My K3 note has developed lots of issues in touch screen and navigation buttons. Lenovo A6000 is a good phone... 

 The phone is good and working fine. But sometimes once i two days it switches off , side button does not work. Have to remove battery and connect it again for switching it on. May have some defects. 

 Value for money 
Working fine from last 2 months. 
Updated to lollipop (5.0.2), but will not recommend for upgrade. 

 good phone,
everything as described.
good battery backup
delivered before the deadline. 
again a good experience with flipkart... 

 The product is really good. it has got good sound effect in affordable price. Delivery from flipkart is faster than what they promised though message. 

 Cheap and best phone in the price range which made me to buy another one for my sister. Good design and good for those who use the smartphone less. I bought it for my mother and sister.  
Disadvantage:
1. Battery empties easily with limited usage too.
2. No Screen mirroring (of course this is too much for this range of phone)
3. No OTG 

 Flipkart had delivered the mobile in just 48 hours though it has not been ordered for quick delivery. I couldn't face any problem with the mobile as of now. 

 it is very good phone with great battery life,good performance nd affordable price. the only negative is lenovo UI. 

 Very good product from Lenovo. Very good performance. Good battery backup. Only disadvantage is little heavy in weight. Rest all its very good. Flipkart service is really good.. 

 I have been using this phone since last 25 days and I feel this is the best phone one can get for Rs 7499 (I got it for offer price of Rs. 7130/- from Flipkart).
The phone comes with KitKat OS but we can get it upgraded to Lollipop. Lollipop upgrade is approx 1.2GB.
In Lollipop upgrade there are few bugs but if you format ones after upgrade, your phone works well.
If we talk about camera, we can say it is not up the mark. Before this I was using Samsung phone with 5MP camera which had better clarity than this. 
So, I can this phone is good value for the money and can be considered as one of the best phones in the range of 7-8k. 

 Very good product from Lenovo. Very good performance. Good battery backup. Only disadvantage is little heavy in weight. Rest all its very good. Flipkart service is really good.. 

 Very good product from Lenovo. Very good performance. Good battery backup. Only disadvantage is little heavy in weight. Rest all its very good. Flipkart service is really good.. 

 I appreciate seller for quality product and on time delivery with well packing... what else you want ??? Grate job.. Keep it up!!!!!!!! Good product in this price range... 

 Good phone at good price, the only problem is battery life. The 8 megapixel is not really working like 8mp. 

 UNDER THIS RANGE VERY GOOD PHONE I M USING THIS LAST 6 MONTH EVERTHING IS PERFECT 
PROB. ONLY THIS IS NOT SUPPORT OTG 

 i get 
lenovo 6000+ mobile phone its good phone  
my review rating 4.1/5  
thanks
swamyi get 
lenovo 6000+ mobile phone its good phone  
my review rating 4.1/5  
thanks
swamyi get 
lenovo 6000+ mobile phone its good phone  
my review rating 4.1/5  
thanks
swamyi get 
lenovo 6000+ mobile phone its good phone  
my review rating 4.1/5  
thanks
swamy 

 never buy this cell phone
this cell phone is not working properly always get hang
network problem always with this cell phone 

 Phone is good for this rate
1.look is good
2.both cameras average
3.Dolby sound is nice to hear
Totally I can give 7/10  

 IT WAS VERY GOOD EXP. ABOUT THIS PHONE LENOVO 6000PLUS. I AM HAPPY. I HAVE BOUGHT 2 MOBILE OF LENOVO BOTH WAS WONDERFUL , I SOME ONE ASK ME ABOUT TO ABOUT THESE PHONE I ALWAYS SUGGEST TO BUY LENOVO. 

 100% battery drained within 3 hrs without using wi fi and data... and processor heats like iron... u can pres ur jeans.... 

 Perfect.... Ultimate.... Mind Blowing........ 
better than Samsung on5 and Lenovo VIBE P1m 
Best mobile under 10k 

 I brought Lenovo A6000 plus with my friend's suggestion. A smartphone with best configurations and brilliant display. I can browse internet more faster with this device rather than Samsung S4. With 2GB RAM I can access applications faster. Battery backup is good as I kept device for 4hours charging ang working over a day. Finally I am very satisfied with the product and I have ordered 3 more Lenovo A6000 plus to all my family members. Thanks to lenovo for this renovative product . 

 GREAT DISPLAY
NICE BATTERY BACKUP
NOT 16GB BUT 14.6GB INTERNAL MEMORY. SUFFICIENT TO RUN ANY SOFTWARE OR GAME
CLASS DESIGN LOOKS GREAT IN HAND
ALL IN ALL VERY GOOD PHONE GO FOR IT... :) 

 whenever the mobile is used for calling or connected to net is gets hot , the temperature crosses 55 to 70 degerees very quickly.. if this problem is sorted out the mobile is attaractive , slim ..although night time photos are not that clear compared to samsung galaxy brand.. looks good in hand ...lightweight.. 

 DELIVERY ON TIME BY FLIPKART............................
..........................................................................................
PRODUCT SEALED PACK...........................................
VERY GOOD PHONE BUT WITH UPDATE ISSUE... 

 Good phone with battery problem , so avoid this phone, specification good 

 A good phone jst less battery backup ... But otherwise a nice phone 

 phone quality was damn waste. within 2 months touch pad has stopped working and my phone become very slow. Not responding properly. I would suggest not to buy 

 Camera quality is not up to the level. Front and back camera is worst compare to the mega pixel they provided. 

 rest of the phone is Excellnet, do not upgrade to lollipop, the battery is not long enough to hold the lollipop os. 

 It's good phn in low price.....which is having good processor, ram, memory and so on.....
But I suggest u don't upgrade to lollipop bcoz it will drain batery very fast.... 

 About Design: Good Design 8 / 10,, Light weight
About Spec: 
Specification is good. Camera quality good but not best as they are saying it 8 MP i would say 5MP. Front camera 2MP you are kidding these days 2MP is nothing but as compare to price its OK. 
Overall this phone is Value for Money. 

 Paid more price than other online stores. But the mobile quality is satisfactory.
Flipkart wants me to enter at least 100 characters and hence typing this... 

 the best @ the best rate superb phone and awesome delivery by flipkart. but only con is that the box does not have a headphone 

 I have been using this phone from last 2 months. Product is good , lags sometimes after upgrade to 5.0.2. Before upgrade it was more stable in its working. But comparing to its price its value for money as all other mentioned function in technical specifications are working fine. Battery backup is ok though not very good but again its all about price. 
Would recommend this product if your budget is low and need latest features (not all) in your cell. 

 Very good... Works well with lollipop upgrade too, but had to do a factory reset.. Now uses about 50% RAM. 

 same features in samsung price 9999. good battery backup n camera clearity also best. so i think value of money. 

 used it for 2-3 days..feels good..almost no lag thanks to 2 gb ram..very good product at this price point.. 

 I have been using this phone for almost 2 months now, i find it worth for money.
Youngsters you plz go for it , easy to use , cheap and affordable.
Every-time when i compare when the other smartphone that i have , i rate my lenovo A6000 plus ahead of them.
I already have LG Nexus5, but being 4 times costly its not as effective and handy my Lenovo A6000 plus.
Thanks. 

 Im using this phone around 6 months and over all performance is good, very rarely hangs and have few technical errors rest all is ok... look awesome, light weight, camera quality is good, 
I dont play game so cant tell abt gaming performance.
Best phone as compare to samsung 12k phone 

 phone is good and large space in a internal memary also battry hot condition problem is not for my phone so all aver is a good product 

 Best budget device.. Lots of bug solved in latest lollipop update! Loving it! 

 Nice Mobile...
Amazing Features...
Just....Go....For....Lenovo A6000+... 

 Very good product from Lenovo. If you are looking for a Compass application, this phone is not suited for you since it does not have the hardware that support Compass 

 I got this phone @ Rs 6029/- in offer waiting for next offer to purchase another phone. Good phone in this range but redme II plus is some extent better 

 Pro:
Superb battery life
Decent design
64-bit SoC
4G Support
Value for money
Has a firewall app that lets you restrict internet access on per app basis. (Usually you need ROOT access for this) 
Cons:
Below average camera performance
No tough glass protection
No Fast Charging 
Verdict: Value for money looking at the features and performance. 

 I have purchased 3 of these and all of them are working just amazingly well. My mother, father and brother all are using it and liking it very much. I must callout the charger which comes with this product and charges the phone very fast... 
Did i miss to say that Flipkart delivery is just amazing. overnight delivery in express shipment and 2nd day delivery in regular shipment. Nice packaging as always 

 Satisfied much better product.....
Best value of money........ 

 A good smart phone from lenovo. Bought for Rs.7000.00. Nice quality product, good camera, nice screen resolution, good speed for multitasking. 

 No issues i have faced upto updating the software. After updating to lollipop version contacts are not loaded quickely. It takes lot of time. No heat. Good performance. Very good battery backup. Excellent sound 

 ram slow even though its 2gb.. slower than 1 gb (for games)
camera good
1st sim 4g,2nd is 2g
cannot use handsfree for calling...it get disconnetced.. 

 lenovo a6000 plus,,it is a nice fon,,nic camra,,nice batry,,,realy good phone,,,thanks to FLIPKART... 

 The mobile have very good features in affordable price.It's perfect utilization of money.Running very smoothly.Delivered in 3 days. 

 Overall good phone 
UI is really nice and easy to use 
light weight and easy to handle 
only issue is hangs a few time while using for more thn 1 hour 

 superb phone .i have been using last 7 months 
no complaints ,updated to lollipop,smooth ui 
very much satisfied 

 Pros :- Solid build quality+The matte-ish finish on the back, alongwith the slight curve near the rear edges, gives the device a nice feel+Compact, slim and easy to use+Very good speed/performance, backed by latest generation of 64-bit processors, and 2GB RAM+Decent camera+Decent loudspeaker (Dolby speakers)+Good battery life+4G supportâDisplay 
Cons :- Gorilla glassâVibe 2.0 UI could be better 

 Phone was delivered within 24 hours of ordering - good job Flipkart! I bought this phone for my wife and have been using it for the last 4 days.
I was a little apprehensive when I saw some reviewers talking about the battery heating while charging or playing games but I have had no such issues. Battery stand-by time or talk time are good. Screen resolution is good and colours are vibrant. 
Pictures taken by the 8MP camera are good - I have seen some reviewers complaining about the quality of the images but I don't see what they are cribbing about, unless they are looking for DSLR like sharp images.
A very light weight phone for its size; build quality is good.
Overall - a good value-for-money phone.  

 Battery pack up is excelant mibile is light weight and this is mobile update to lollipop is good and cam clarety super 

 Pros:
Good ram and memory
Abv avg camera
Sleek design
Keyboard font - just rite
Fits ur palm well 
Cons:
Avrg battery
No quick charge feature
No basic earphones 
Overall:
Good value for money smart phone to start with 

 i was perches this mobill 5 month ago but now i am fencing following problem
1. vibrator not working
2. teach screen sensitivity is down slow 
3. sum time incoming call light not blowing jest ringing phone 
4. app icons automatically hide, after restart i cons showing  
i sagest my 4 friends to buy Lenovo mobiles but its my mistake 

 Good mobile and no lagging, but the sound is little lower than other lenovo mobiles even it has dolby speakers. 

 Mobile coming very heat on gaming time its not a normal heat very very heat,
hanging so many times 
battery backup is also so bad starting 2 r 3 days performance is good after that very worst maximum half of the day working on full charge to use.
camera quality is good, images and video is also good quality. 

 Very good product from Lenovo. If you are looking for a Compass application, this phone is not suited for you since it does not have the hardware that support Compass 

 The phone was good until i installed an updated on the OS. The phone got switched off automatically and never turned on. When connected to charger shows 0% battery and charging even after 30 mins and the back panel is very hot. Had to check in the forum and did factory reset and lost all my saved data. Before buying this phone please check about the forum about lenovo a6000, 6000 plus and vibe not switching on after os upgrade on the internet. 

 very good phone ,nice battery back up,best chip,high speed,lte ,best phone to recommend to everybody who looking for 5 " display 

 NICE CAMERAS LIGHT WEIGT AND SMALL IN SIZE
BUT THE DEVICE IS VERY HEATING WE CAN MAKE TEA BY USING THIS PHONE WHILE WATCHING A MOVIE
heating probelm solved by updating to lolipop 

 Not value for money,its an average product..Its a common model and some apps my not work on dis 

 Filpkart provide and lunching the best mobiles. Great smart phone at great price. Camera quality is not up to the mark with other mobiles like Samsung. But more advance is here at this price range. 

 Worthless compared to new lenovo vibe so go wit dat n enjoy dat 
 
Talking about the App's that are pre-installed, please do remove the ones that you feel are not required or else, disable them as possible. The Icons do give a feel of clarity and looks similar to iPhone. 
2GB Ram does it's work and does not allow any lags what so ever. The Phone comes with pre-installed Game Apps.  
With left key long press, you can clear the RAM and CPU and it does prove to be efficient to release the Memory for re-use. 
Coming to battery, with avg usage, it last 1.5-2 days  

 Best price for the best phone battery and memory excellent so price is right 

 Excellent mobile nice features battery capacity is very high 

 Camera qulaity best and light weight slim working speed very fast 

 This is my third mobile after replacement of two mobiles. I am facing same issue after 5 months. Mobile heat while talking and battery drain. 

 Well.... After upgrading it to Android 5.0.2, I'm just loving it....
Cons before upgrade
1. Out of the box Kitkat OS.... Slow Performance 
2. Poor RAM and TASK Management
3. Lag
4. Poor image clarity
5. Good battery backup 
Pros after 5.0.2 upgrade
1. Buttersmooth performance
2. Lag free
3. Best RAM and TASK Management
4. Supreme audio quality
5. Camera quality is improved
6. Poor battery backup 
In one word.... U can't u can't say it has a Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 SOC... Best performance. 

 Great i am happy with this phone . comes in my budget and overall good phone 

 First Class Product from Lenovo....
Worth for what you paid....
Excellent Performance................................. 

 DELIVERY WAS VERY FAST AND THE MOBILE WAS GOOD & WORTH THE MONEY.BUDGET PHONE WITH ALL NECESSARY SPECIFICATIONS. 

 this mobile is good but signal is very poor , internet was awesome speed main problem is very weak signal any network 

 Incoming receiving volume is little less though the phone will be at full volume.
The phone is working well and its been long time , but no issues as of now. 

 Please guys please d't buy this crappy phone they have display problem,have network problem,i'm not playing games on my phone.i'm simple mobile user. online using for calling and email only. So this phone give me problem after 1.5 months have also network problem, Display also have problem its flicking camera also suck. So i just suggest to all of my friends who thinks to buy this phone.So pplzz d't buy this phone its shitty and crappy phone. 

 very nice device
sleek, fast and awesome. this is a value for money purchase
Just one issue whenever i insert sd card the device gets heat up and battery get soaked
Overall very nice buy.... 

 1. Got it in the Diwali Sale for 6K
2. Built quality is not so great but you cant get sturdy stuff for 6K
3. With in 6-7 days started showing problem like 
a> Automatic Switch off 
b> Battery Over heat and Drain 
c> Charge percentage fluctuation [If now it will be 90% after 5 minutes it was showing 10%. low battery alert ]
d>Not supporting Encryption 
4. Called Flipkart for refund. They Denied saying provided troubleshoot steps
5. As part of their trouble shoot I did the factory reset
6. Went well for sometime
7. Now again problem started
a>Bettery backup till half the day [Use whatsapp, Meetup app, very few Calls in Airtel 4G] not upto the standard
b> the call-log, Contacts, and dialer apps are damn slow. you will have to wait 30 second or more to dial a number or search a contact and call. Its just annoying
c> THE WAKE UP BUTTON DOES NOT WORK MANY TIMES and YOU WILL FEEL THAT YOUR MOBILE IS SWITCHED OFF. The phone just wont come off the sleep mode and the screen wont lit up. I am still to figure out how that comes up. I keep on pressing the buttons randomly and it turns on
d> The icons list of notification bar is not configurable. There are many use full icons but you can't re organize them in order as per your frequently used icons
e> TOUCH EXPERIENCE IS VERY BAD. FEELS LIKE CHEAPEST NON BRANDED CHINA PHONE AVAILABLE FOR 1.5K OR EVEN THAT WILL BE BETTER THAN THIS PHONE
f> Does not include a headphone
g> In the messages it will hyperlink only the first number available. any other number in the message will be ignored and treated as plain text. [the hyperlink feature helps the user to click the link (number) to directly call / sms that number ]
h: Even though the ram and processor looks good by name it does not perform. Phone lags and hangs a lot.  
THIS IS THE BITTER EXPERIENCE I HAVE WITH THIS PHONE. NOT RECOMMENDED
LENOVO WILL DILUTE ITS BRAND NAME IF THIS CONTINUES   

 Product is good in low price, but charger is very falt in 3 month , its 3g mobile , its is fast for network 

 Nice for a price of 14k but little big my wife is happy with this big sony bravia 4k resolution screen and performance 

 its more then 9 months since i am using A6000 .i am very happy.very good performance.best camera in this price.2 gb ram,16 gb memory and sd410 r best in this budget.No heating issue whatsoever.Asphalt 8 also can b played in this mobile.
Just Go for it.it has Lollipop Also.but i dint upgrade it.
All n all best mobile in this price. 

 i bhought this phone 3mnths ago.....owsm phone according to the permormance. Camera quality is not so good bt its fine according to the price. Performance wise nice phone. Great looks. Heating problem while charging. 

 Camera is average. Battery backup is good. 2 GB ram is sufficient 

 i bought this mobile 5 months back but not satisfied with some following
1)sometimes screen light will not off until and unless we press power button and it might be software issue but i updated the software too but no change
2)some times heating 
3)some times power on off button wont work. 

 I bought this mobile in the month of August for fist one month everything goes fine but then it started showing it's reality now i'm facing lot of problems nothing is good with the model as final now the keys are not working it makes me to get irritation a lot for this 1100 itself very much better. 

 Great phone with good performance i like the way it runs . looks also good. good work lenovo keep it up 

 good phone 
a thousand thumbs up for lenovo
best phone with 2 gb ram 
it fire the processes
i recommend it to all of you who reads 
but flip kart i love your service but this purchase just feel me low because for price please make it low as i m your regular customer please make me some discount 

 really it works great at that price, desent performance, no laging at all up to this time but body shells should need quality. 

 I happy ..i.e i gifted it to my sister ... working good,,nc look ,, awsm feel while using , interface good 

 how amazing the experience it is with this! In just 24 hours I got the delivery in Panipat.
after all lenovo is lenovo. it had beaten samsung in all aspect. what more to say all are in the queue. 

 i did not see in my life these type of mobile ..its hanging like any thing with in 2 mnths....pls dont prefer this dirty phone 

 overall performance is good and battery backup is also very good but camera is not up to the mark...... 

 Cheap and best phone. With good features in this low price range.
My feedback...Go for it without any hesitation. 

 I purchased it during the billions offer. I am not happy with the product. Specially the camera doesn't look like 8MP camera. 

 I bought this phone a while back and i am happy with its performance. In this range i would say its one of the best. Display is ideal, light weight, no issues while playing heavy game like Asphalt 8.
Camera Clarity is ok not great. But front camera is better than others.
Faced slight problem with the touch. On the corners its response was lagging. I'm not sure its with this phone or all the phone. 
Now talking about after Lollipop upgrade terrible exp. Gmail Crash, Message box crash, drains battery, no option for putting the phone on silent. These problem faced on the first day of upgrade. 
Otherwise, i was pretty happy with this phone. Features looks everything was perfect. 

 Great Performance.
Good Specs
Good Camera Quality 
Truly value for Money 
Only thing it lack is OTG support 

 Good one for the price !!  
Display is amazing and performance is good.. Camera is not that great but you can expect everything in this price ! 

 I bought this phone for 6700rs on big billion day.. Phone is really good.. Camera clarity is good. Nice phone for less price.. But the only problem is battery backpack . even though it has 2300mah battery, it will drain in 5hrs of i use internet always. 

 This is best Mobile with 5" display. Good performance and best value for Money.
Best and Quick services from Flipkart. 

 i was using last 3 months this phone. and i was upgrade the android lollipop 5.0.2 version. it's awesome.
1.Fast Processing and Good storage, no lags
2.Good Front and rear camera, nice flash also.
3.Excellent Sound Quality earphone, speaker, Dobly feature is awesome.
4.Good battery backup. lasts for a day with moderate use
5.HD display is amazing.
6.Good Screen touch, not felt much difference with my earlier, shows smartphone market improved a lot.
7.No heat, not much heating compare to other phones
8.Lite weight phone.
9: But not provide handfree 

 i used this phone from 3 month, Worst Battery Back up.
My display not working correctly , Slow Processing 
A Big mistake to buy this phone in that price range 

 The best phone i've used till date..!!
Believe me I've used Samsung S3 but I wasn't much pleased with that phone as much I'm with this phone.
After 2 months of usage i could say that this is the best phone in this price range. A 2 GB of RAM, 8MP camera (rear) 2MP cam (front), 5 inch screen would have caused u much more than 25k in samsung or any other model.
Even the battery back is too good. With dual sim & 4g always on it gives me a whole day or upto 18hrs of usage. And that according to me is pretty good. Come on running 2 sims n 4g all day would make u charge the phone twice or thrice a day in any other model.  
Pros:  
1. 2 GB RAM  
2. 8 MP Rear Cam  
3. 2 MP Front Cam  
4. Good Battery back up (Note: My friend is also using the same phone but as soon as he upgraded to Lollipop his battery was draining too fast, So i didn't upgrade my phone and i am running it on Kitkat as its more stable according to me as i've heard many people getting low battery backup after Lollipop upgrade)  
5. 5' Screen  
6. Fast & never faced any hanging problem or any other glitches so far  
7. Easy to access options such as "Screenshot" "Flashlight" etc.  
Cons:  
1. Lacks headphones in the box  
Didn't find any Con yet so much happy :)  
Final Review : Go for it if you are in a budget or need a high end smartphone in a less price i would recommend u to buy it. 

 After Update Lolipop 5.0 this phone is very good. before when i calling and using internat or watching movie phone is become hot. now i m happy this phone. thnks lenovo. 

 Good Phone with quality featured but lacks in competition from their own company phones.
Technology changes quite fast so buy only latest phone not go for a phone with history. 

 recieved this smart phone as per delivery date.its packaging was good.
it was handed over to me in good condition. Thumbs up for WS RETAIL.
As per description phone was installed with kitkat 4.4 and i upgraded it to lollipop 5.0
After upgrading phone is running smoothly with decent battery backup
it last upto ~8 hours on connected wifi which is little more on this 7.5k budget  

 i am using since 1 month its a budget phone with all features
pros..
2 gb ram v smooth in working no hanging 
v handy and smart in look
 cons
battery discharges fast
camera not looking like 8 mp 

 It is valuable product for our money................................................................................................................................................................................................... 

 Dear All, 
I use Lenovo A6000 Plus since last 3 month, I got a lolipop update it's awesome but major application does not support like truecaller, apps lock, call recording. If once a time we run then press home button then that application do work. Battery also average not charge properly and its become hot sometime. overall future is average compare to other. 

 Find following issues with my lenovo a6000 plus
-Heat problem(both in charger and phone)
Ask flipkart for return then they ask me to visit near by service centre. when i visited the service centre til then my back button has also stopped working.subitted the phone over there. and now its been three months haven't received back my phone. they are saying parts are still not available.mailed twice to the support but no one taking the responbility.  

 Its a awesome phone with 2 GB RAM. Earlier i purchased Lenovo a6000... felt comfortable using it. So again I bought A6000 Plus now this time. Simply I like it and thanks to Lenovo for giving such a Nice phone in affordable price ... with more features.... 

 review after 5 months using:
lots of problem there.
my phone's motherboard has been changed.
calling problem.
heating issue.
charging problem.
most worst thing is only one lenovo service centre in kolkata. if u go there u can see how much problem in lenovo mobiles.
don't buy it. waste of money.  

 Every things Nice.. Looks stunning... Design is awesome..... but 
Cons. is 
alot too like processor is so slow when capturing picture you will fill damn...... frustrate. 

 I am using this phone from last seven months. Sound sometimes create problem. Otherwise it is a good product. 

 As it has 2 GB Ram it has good speed. Also it has good capacity in charge retaining.It has good camera. Dolby speaker is also nice. Also internal storage capacity is well enough. 

 I replace the order because after one day of use the charger was sucked !!
flipkart done a replacement for entire set & i got new one ,,,after use of one month i found that all is fine but camera is not up to the mark also i compared with Moto E 2nd generation wich is used by my brother which is more than batter even price was also 4500 INR 
So my subjugation is not to bye this Product only for camera & it not providing any headphone !!
So for music you have to purchase another headset with going to cost you another 500 INR 

 Good and worthy mobile for this budget...... Nice one........ 

 In the beginning this phone was heating a lot, and the battery drains out like anything. So what I used to do switch off the phone at-night, before I go to bed.. and switch one early in the morning. 
FINALLY I WENT FOR UPDATE
Now phone is working smooth and good. 

 mobile is good but i not get earphones and airtel 4g sim so, please provide me 
camera,display,battery backup is good 

 superb mobile this price, nice feature, worth ur money, but charger quility is very poor.......................................................... 

 There is a touch problem.I do not recommend anyone to buy this product. All lenova model has touch issue. 

 i boughy last 3 months back .its really good.and battery charging also good.one major problem is when there is no signal automatically battery down.the rest of the features as good 

 Awesome phone in this range.
Every thing in this phone is awesome.
And flipkart delivery is too good.I have placed the order 1 Dec and it is delivered to me on 2nd Dec with normal delivery method. 

 HI I HAVE PURCHASED LENOVO A6000PLUS ON 14TH SEP15. AND WITHIN TWO -THREE MONTH THE BATTERY PROBLEM IS COMING. ITS BATTERY IS NOT WORKING FOR FULL DAYE AFER CHANGING FULL 100% IN MORNING IT WILL DISCGHARGE @3 PM IN EVENING. IN STARTING IT'S WORKS WELL BUT NOW AFTER USING AFTER 83 DAYS THE BATTERY PROBLEM IS MAIN. 
PLEASE STOP BUYING THE SAME PRODUCT FROM FLIPCART OR OTHER SITE IT IS A DEFECTED PEICE AND DEFECT IN MANUFACTURING. 
PLEASE DON'T BUY THIS PRODUCT 

 Amazing phone 
Light weight 
Easy to use 
Good camera
Beautifil sound output
Better screen
Overall nice product better than Huawei phones 

 I received this mobile on 3rd December [ one day prior to the date informed by flipkart]
after 4 days of usage my initial perception of this device as follows
pros:
1. Ram and internal storage
2. Processor performance is very good at this price and gaming experience is fantastic
3. Decent performance from camera. [being not addictive to selfies, i like camera quality]
4. Effective pre loaded apps 
Cons:
1. no manual or help for tweaks and shortcuts
2. for boot up device takes much longer time
3. front panel keys are not backlit.  

 One of the best product of lenovo . Specially sound simply great .No hanging problem with smooth operations . 

 the phone is indeed very good. I have been using it for past 6 months and trust me there is no heating problem in the phone.The phone doesn't lag, and heavy games like Asphalt 8 run very smoothly on it. 

 Phone gets switched off very offten 3-4 times a day....dont know what could be the reason,not worth the price...!! 

 In my experience, i will recommend you to go with some other mobiles. For the first two months, i had a good experience with this mobile and few days later,
 -it is heating like something else for most of the time
 -battery dries within 1 hour frequently( atleast 3-4 days in every month)
 -my charger adapter is gone and i m not able to claim warrenty in service center
 -when you update your mobile version, you will face a lot of issue 
 -the above mentioned issues are faced by most of the users, that i came to know from 
 service center
 -You have a lot of features in this mobile, but you may not be able to enjoy this, for all 
 the time. 

 Just brought the lenovo a6000 plus in June and liked it but there are some cons in the phone
Camera is below par
UI is bad
Taking 3 hours of complete charge   

 i have been using it for 3 months, it's a very gd prdct. camera, sound and flash is superb. and it has 16gb ROM and 2gb RAM. superb product at this price.. 

 The phone looks good 
Runs smooth 
Good battery backup
The best part is removable battery
Sound is quite good with Dolby effects  

 i just on march. now im wrting review
best mobile ever no plm ever head 
but only plrm is that after upgrading t lolipop it may get trouble. 

 Hello friends, 
I bought this mobile (Lenevo A 600 Plus) in May 2015 and just after one month I faced many problems in this phone like heating, sound problems while calling, sometimes suddenly stop working (hang). Now this mobile is giving too much touch screen problem only after passing five months. Now I m fully fed up. So I request all of u who wishes to purchase this mobile Phone. From my side, It is warmly suggested to u please don’t purchase this mobile because this Company is manipulating and making fool to their customers.  

 Easy to use, good Battery backup, Good Camera. Processor is good.
One Negative is Getting heat if use log time like playing game. 

 heating & battery issue battery drain within 4 hours and in stand by heating mobile so its having lots of problem 

 I bought this mobile during deepavali... It proved to be great value for money. Nice camera, selfi and speakers, good speed... Great phone in the segment. 

 as i am new customer of flipkart i research too much after much thinking i bought this product and guess what this is the amazing product buy lenovo i am a big fan of music and lenovo give with dolby digital technologies with in my budget big screen a good camera hd display good touch experience all over awesome product 

 Delivery was quick. On time! as always... from Flipkart. 
About phone:
1. Nice phone in this rice range. 
2. Good phone for moderate user's.. Like parents who are not too tech savy
3. Camera quality is okay. 
4. Phone body is solid.  
Over all 7/10. 

 its awesome mobile.for just 7500 the its a great mobile.i like to play soccer game it is not getting heat.its ram power making the phone more speed.mainly the phone is getting not hanging. 

 Hi, 
I am currently experiencing an issue, when I am using my phone for work for conference calls for which i prefer headset (the one I received with original package). However when I am trying to dial ANY number with headset plugged in the call automatically hangs up. I tried to google this issue but was unsuccesfull. I cannot any headset related options in settings of my phone. 

 awesome mobile in this price tag. camera clarity is too good.sleek mobile and light weight
front cam also good even it is having 2 mp camera it was giving good clarity. display quality also good. 

 its perfect in terms of packing ,shipment ,delivery n most importantly the product is worth buying amazing 

 I have bought this phone 6 months back and I referred this phone for my friend. and he also bought this one. Very Very good phone for this price. It is working smoothly and perfectly 

 pros- 
2gb ram
LENOVO UI INERFACE
speed no lagging
camera 
no heating
snapdragon processor
clarity pixel
vibrant HD compare to others
very nice battery backup 
cons-
low output speaker sound while watching videos   

 a good handset, does not hang, but after my recent o.t.a ( over the air ) update to android kitkat version, the battery life has come down. but luckily a week back again on o.t.a, a software updated has been released, which luckily now helps me with a better battery back up. 

 Very slim and light.
Battery backup gud and front camera is much better from expectation.
Must purchase it if looking in this range. 

 this mobile waste over heating and video buffareing slowly all parts waste in this mobile pls dont buying 

 For those who hate Lenovo a6000 plus, Put your hands on the phone after updating it to the lollipop.. It is so snappy and it can be used for gaming and any other purposes..In any criteria, it gets the job done and makes us satisfied. I am using it as my daily driver and I use it mostly for playing both online and offline games which are the most intensive games available in the market..Battery life is above average at medium usage.Last but not least, Camera has been Fine-tuned a lot after the Lollipop upgrade.So, for the folks who have dilemma of choosing this or Yuphoria, can choose a6000 plus because it feels light and day to day performance is way ahead of yuphoria's. Finally it's upon you. 

 Delivery was good, Phone is worst, i regret it very much. Never going to by Lenevo products . During first month there was little problem so i thought it is small problem, now it is just around 40 days it hangs alot even sometime u wont be able to pick up a call or make a call for like 10-15 min. WORST PRODUCT ever used.  
Please Lenevo team, if you are there take your phone back and just give my money back. 

 in first look, it worth you spend. nice screen quality, light weight, camera is not bad and smooth working 

 Best Phone in this Price Range,
Compact in size,Long battery Packup, Slim Body,Just Perfect at this Price. 

 Lenovo A6000 plus are awesome in budget looks storage everything i like it so much i was used so many phone but i like it very much now i decided i don't change my phone this is my last phone thanks flipkart and lenovo for give this awesome phone 

 Display quality is good 10/9
battery is good 10/8
camera quality is poor 10/7
main problem hai iske camera software me 
or defalt application jo hum uninstall nahi kar sakte  

 don't think more about it .it is a nice phone with long batterry , ram ,processor and internal memory.......so buy immediaterly..  

 A very good VFM device. Using for almost 6months, battery, call quality, sound is very good. Camera is also good for the buck we're paying. No issues so far. Got 5.0.2 update and waiting for 5.1. Battery back up is also decent. If you want a lollipop experience you can install google now launcher :) The only con is back cover is delicate apart from that everything is awesome! 

 phone was good but give also head phone.. because it must be basic need. i am not be fully satisfied about their services.. i am disagreed about the product.. 

 This phone is very good. Overall is very good. System keeps on Updating now and then. Sometimes it got hang too. Otherwise performance is amazing. It never hangs on large apps and games. Pre-installed apps and games are amazing. 

 this is my third mobile in row from lenovo a6000, good mobile ,performance is good 
my opinion is that you just go for it......... 

 I bought tis phone before 20days 
i am very happy to buy this phone better phone in chipest price.
camera 7/10
battery 9/10
design/weight 9/10
ram 7/10
rom 9/10   

 Facing mobile heating issue and battery backup too low. Quality of handset is compromised by Lenovo. Quality of handset is too low compare to earlier handset Quality. suggested to do not buy. see another brand. 

 Good phone everything is great... but phone gets switched off automatically do not understand Y...when contacted support they said a stable update of android v 5.0.1 will be released upon that update these issues will be solved... 

 very good product
long battery backup
very sharp photo camera quality
hd Video Recording 
very help ful product 
Thank,s 

 I accept this phone is cost efficient. But the problem i faced with the phone is when to travel to places the phone does not automatically captures the local network. We need to manually set the network. The second problem is iam quite un comfortable with one 2g and other 4g sim card slot....... 
apart from this the phone. 

 Nice picture quality,
and User memory provided it is better that its previous A6000 model
and performance
Good work Lenovo really appreciate it :-) 

 working quickly more options looking shine, sound effects, clarity of display, weight less better for use, ....this one product 

 good product, working good, excellent performance with lowest price, and the item delivered quickly, battery life is good 

 Value for money, but use it elegantly otherwise you may need to visit service center otherwise its great. 
My wife and many others are using it for 6 - 8 months its good. 

 Perfect size, placement of buttons. Superb responsiveness, awesome specs at any price, ample memory. One of my close friend bought on my recommendation and he is happy too. The best part is the iPhone like theme - Vibe UI. 
Let's just say I stopped using my iPhone after I bought this phone. 

 A very good phone, I will strongly recommend to buy this phone. The design of the phone is also very attractive and the phone is also very fast. The Dolby speaker that comes with the phone are also of very great quality. 

 Good build Quality. Sound is awesome. 4G enabled is a plus. 2GB RAm is ample. Average Camera (not great). Good battery life. Overall a good phone for the price! 

 After 1 mnth I detected that the phone had camera issues..It was defective...But luckily i got help from Lenovo Authorized service centre and camera was replaced in a week .SO now using it otherwise its a gud one..no issues..Best phne in this range 

 for normal Usage 
Good:
1. Day to day task is ok
2. Battery back up Decent(post 1 month Use)
3. Games run Smoothly, especially the bundle asphalt...
4. Dual SIM working fine
5. Accessories availability is also Good 
Bad:
1. Sometimes back button not working
2. all Icons are present on your face , no internal drawers
3. don't like Power button placement, sometimes confusing with Volume Button.
4. Over all Speaker Volume is lower compared to Other Phones available in the same price range, even though Quality is good, the Volume should be audible 
That's all for now, will update later post using for another 2-3 months 
Overall Verdict .. go for it if u have a budget of 7K 

 Good working medium range mobile. Being in use for 6 months. Everything is fine. Do not expect it to work like iphone 6 considering its price. I'm satisfied. 

 It is a good product, but sometimes my phone's screen brightness changes and flickers. It was the samething with my old phone (Auxus), which ultimately developed touch problem and had to discard. I am fearing with this one too. Few times it did not start even with power button and went blank. I had to remove the battery and restart, then it worked and it is also not a very bright screen.
But at the price point I bought this phone, it is the best. 

 Go for this one.. more 'Stable' ... colors... display ..performance is best in this class!!
Awesome product thanks Flipkart n Lenovo  

 thanks flipkart good phone overall gud phone. lenovo 6000 is good phone in the range of 7500.i am using internet very smoothly.i tell again good phone in this range. thanks lenovo & thanks flipkart. 

 cons.4g wokrs on only 1 sim 2 sim is only for 2g but many other mobiles like mi,honour, many other providing 4g on both slots without chamging sim,if battery removes battery %showing peak to lower. 

 1. I got the delivery of the mobile in 48 hours.
2. Mobile working fine and smoothly as expected.
Now I can refer someone for same.   

 wroth on 7500 rupees. satisfying product. go for it if you want a good mobile. delivery time is very less. just one week for me at rishra. thank you flipkart 

 Why go for 12k plus mobiles? Here is the phone you get half the price! 
Fantastic features, No issues. Worth every penny! 
No heating or battery drain issues as some others stated.  

 Have purchased another one 6 months back for my wife, very much happy with the performance. Inspiring from that purchased another for myself after selling my Sony Xperia C (for only Internal Memory shortage) but very much disappointed. New device is getting hot when playing game, battery back up is also less than my 6 month old Lenevo 6000 plus. I was big fan of Lenevo 6000 plus but now after my new use I do not recommend to purchase.... 

 WORST PHONE PLZ DONT BUY.  
1.Flipcart service good.
2. Phone rocked well for 6 months.
3. AFTER 6 MONTHS, PHONE HEATING LIKE ANYTHING . VISITED SERVICE CENTRE LOT OF TIME BUT NO USE.ISSUE REMAIN SAME. 
SERVICE CENTRE THEY CONFIRMED THAT THIS MODEL DEFAULT HAVING HEATING ISSUES.. PLZ DONT BUY THIS SERIES PHONE 

 it is simply superb phone. it simple to handle even it is 5 inches phone. it is good enough in performance and i would like to recommend to buy this phone. 

 Best phone at this price!! 
Worked best with Android- Kitkat version. 
Got the Lollipop upgrade but it is a battery drainer unlike Kitkat which provided great battery backup. 
Its my 1st smart phone and i have no regrets on my first choice... :) 

 I liked the finishing, Performance of phone is great. Packing was simply Awesome.
Delivered before the given time by flipkat.
WS Retailer's service is nice.
Loved the Product. M fully satisfied from it. 
Thank you Flipkat. 

 really nice product..i have been using for 4 months and i will suggest this product as the best with this price...10/10 points for the product.... 

 It is a nice smartphone.
But after upgrading to lollipop it has many problems by which its battery backup reduces and charging time increased. 

 Dear All,
Indeed the feature of this phone is very good. Display is also awesome. Processing speed is also good.
But the main disadvantage is Battery Back up and the heating problem.
I purchased Lenovo A6000 plus from Flipkart and after just 2 days heating problem and battery backup problem was started. within 4-5 hrs the battery is coming down ffrom 100% to 0%. and you can't keep this phone in your pocket else you will get burnt. 
Thanks to Flipkart for replacing it so fast.
Second time I got the same phone from Flipkart as Replacement and it was working nicely for couple of days,, again facing the same heating issue and battery backup issue in this phone also.
I have to keep the charger every time with me and the heating percentage reaching upto 60 Degree to 70 Degree celcius.
so think wisely before you purchase this phone. 

 Great mobile I will say. I need a phone whose sound system is good and finally I found it 

 you can compare mobiles on many sites, can check review on youtube many other Android forums and get a fair idea about this mobile. 
But...
If you dont want to do all those circus and if you believe reviews over i would say dont give any 2nd thought for any other mobile in this price range.(fullStop) 

 The best thing about this phone is dolby sound system,when u play in head set it gives fine and clear i.e.,just u feel like your in theater.next thing is storage 16 gb is enough for storing all accessories.when come to camera it is having auto focus and HDR also available ,fine and clarity is good,it will satisfy all your needs in low costs,and more over LENOVO is a brand. 

 Its a very good phone in my budget. Its camera quality is not good. other fitures are very impressive. 

 my first opinion is good, perfect phone in a simple budget............... compared to some other phones in the series, it is better 

 Bought this phone at the exchange offer by minimising 2000rs for Sonyericson neo white phone which was working far far better than this phone even after 4 years.
Poor battery ,need to charge for every 4-5 hours,even without any activity drains automatically.
Pathetic device altogether ,as I was not getting any messages also at the correct time.Once after i switched on the phone,i got 110 messages which I must have received a week back.
Please dont waste your money,go for branded phones only.I will never do such a mistake will stick to samsung,sony,apple or lg 

 This is excellent phone, no lagging no heating problem. Battery is great.Did not find any issues.  

 I have issue in lenovo 6000 mobile battery down .more heating…I am not satisfied with this mobile :( 

 Nothing to say simply superb.....
Nice design
Light weight
Excellent display
Excellent camera both
Excellent sound : Double speaker
Excellent battery backup
Superb call clarity
No notification light 
Overall:
 Excellent in this price....
Don't think go get it  

 screen quality is too good. average cameras on both front and rear..decent build quality..average battery life..overall its a nice product considering the price. 

 fall in love wid this product...frnt camera is awesome compare to other's 2-5 mp
only missing function of otg compatiblity...
othewise its awesomeee....  

 I bought this phone few weeks ago and the experience that i am having is awesome.
It is a great phone.!!!!!!
Thanks to lenovo.... 

 EXACTLY AS GOOD AS CLAIM BY LENEVO.AFTER USING IT FOR NEARLY ONE MONTH I WILL PIN-POINT THE HIGHLIGHT IN THIS PHONE AND ALSO THE CONS.
PROS:= 
1.PRICING YA THAT TRUE THE PRICING 
2.PERFORMANCE WITH SNAP 410 AND 2GB RAM OF WHICH 1.4GB IS AVAILABLE IT SMOOTH AND RESPONSIVE. 
3.GOOD CAMERA(PLEASE DON'T COMPARE WITH LUMIA,GALAXY OR IPHONE) 
4.AMPLE STORAGE 
5.VIBRANT DISPLAY(PLEASE DON'T COMPARE WITH HTC,GALAXY OR OTHER HIGH END PHONE BECAUSE THAT WILL BE STUPIDITY) 
6.LIGHT WEIGHT  
7.ONE HAND OPERABILITY 
8.BEST BATTERY LIFE IN WHOLE SEGMENT OF 6-8K( EXCEPT LENEVO P1M,GIONEE M2,XOLO BUT THOSE HANDSET COMPROMISED IN HARDWARE IN OTHER WAYS) 
CONS:- 
1.DON'T FEEL PREMIUM(INFACT IT WILL BE EXPECTING TO-MUCH BUT SOME THINK THEY CAN FIND SOME THING OF PREMIUM FEEL IN THIS RANGE GOOD LUCK TO THEM)
2.VIBE UI (FOR SOME MAYBE BUT NO PROBLEM IN PERFORMANCE)
3.FRONT CAMERA(CONSIDERING THE PRICE IT OK BUT YU YUPHORIA,REDME 2 CLEARLY WINS)
4.NO TOUGHEN GLASS(IT SUCK THOU BUT NO BIG ISSUE AS TEMPERED GLASS ARE AVAILABLE)
THIS IS MY REVIEW AFTER USING THIS PHONE FOR ONE MONTH.DON'T FALL FOR BOGUS REVIEW AN YA YOU CAN USE IT AS YOUR PRIMARY PHONE NOT SECONDARY.......... 

 I got lenovo a 6000 plus mobile courier service is very good and i got good quality phone also it is working fine performance is very good for this price 

 Phone is not up to the mark. It got so hot that it burnt my ear. Its battery drains so fast. The battery drains in 30 mins after full charging. I gave it to the local service centre in October and it still not rectified. It's almost one month since I gave my phone for repair at the authorized service centre, there is no stock of batteries and motherboards for the mobile. I wasted my money on this. There is such a long que of owners of this waste product (A6000 Plus) at the Lenovo authorized service centre in Vizag, that the service provider has stopped providing service to Lenovo mobile and is asking to go to some other authorized centre. 

 Happy With Product Delivery and the Product usage. All over a nice product Lookwise and usage .
Battery backup is good, and Camera is also awesome. 

 very good service got from flipkart,.no dlvry delay.,no other problem,.realy happy with services,.
mobilephone is working fine,.its heating somtime but its ok.,we know the smartphne contains a very high processr so very comman issue,. 

 Hi 4nds, I am Abhishek.
I have purchased this phone 2 months ago from flipkart. This phone has just some amazing features at very low cost & it works. But this phone has so many problems like NETWORK problem and the most worst thing about this phone is that it has 2 GB RAM but still it stops working sometime and takes so much time to be cured. In a single sentence the phone is not good at all. Please read all the reviews and think about the above matters before purchasing.
Thank you, 

 in spec it's mentioned 8 MP . But even it is not worth for 3 MP. Camera quality is poor. then no head phone with this pack. 

 I feel the phone is okay. It is value for money. It gets hot when you talk on it for more than 10 minutes. Overall the battery is also ok. Camera is good for the price.Hope the phone does not hang later on after 6 months of usage like other brands.  

 This mobile has got best features at this price range, but the mobile I received has got so much heating problem and bad battery(it charges very slow and drains very fast). I'm not sure if this happened to many buyers. 
Buy this mobile if you are only fascinated by its features..... 

 1. Heating problem : This happens bcos there might be many apps running in the backend.
2. Battery drain : Android phones are blessed for it. Even if you close the app it keeps running in background eating battery.
3. Network issue : If there are apps running on internet, this consumes the bandwith.
4. Android update : Upgrade is available after you use it for a month or two. I had purchased in July & got upgraded to Lollipop in Aug.
5. Whatsapp Contact issue : Please take a backup of contacts before Android upgrade. Post upgrade apply Factory reset, refresh the contacts in Whatsapp. This solves the issue. 
For point 1 to 3 the best option is by killing the unwanted apps running in backend. In the Kitkat version you can see the option as Screen Cleaner" & for Lollipop use the left bottom button & click on "Clear All" or select manually the unwanted apps.  
Hope this helps. 

 The big plus is 2 GB of RAM. Performance is good and Flipkart delivery is also good. Screen guard is of high quality and body is looking to made of good material. 

 Battery drained in an a hour 
and also not update to android 5.0
too much of heating problem while charging   

 According to Internal memory and RAM of the mobile, it is a very good mobile. It is a value for money. Key pad is confusing. 

 product is good but few things are missing like touch pad light no gorilla glass no led notification . 

 I have bought this mobile in second flash sale and totally satisfied with this phone, Battery backup is good and no heating problem. 

 Display Touch not working now i want to find out the service centre. I dont know how they respond. Working condition and all its good. 

 i am not totally suprised by the price and features because after some days it starts hangs, hence my opinion in this class is OKAY. 

 For those who find their camera taking granular picture please apply the kraft update [Kraft-A6000-s_S017_151016] being pushed and it will improve the camera quality to a very great extent. 

 Best Mobile with lower price,easy to operate.according to price it is best deal i am satisfy with lenovo a 6000 plus 

 nice mobile., processing is not as fast as i expected., no need of 2GB ram for that processor., still good for gift to aunt.. 

 The phone started giving problem in just one month. Its a waste of buying. mobile automatically switches off, if we remove the battery and insert the same then only phone get started. 
 
Great phone with good battery backup 

 INTERNET CONNECTION IS VERY SLOW
SOME TIME MY PHONE IS HANGED
BATTERY BACKUP IS NOT GOOD 
MUSIC SYSTEM IS NOT GOOD
AUTOMATIC BRIGHTNESS IS NOT CONTROL PROPERLY
SOME TIME IS NETWORK PROBLEM 

 Good and reasonable rate comparing other mobile..I like this mobile 

 2gb ram,4g,5 inch ,16gb internal,double loud speakers---lenovo has done very well ---it has features of expensive mobile---no otg support--but can use shareit aplication to transfer big files---must buy it-------best in this range-heavy gaming is good 

 Its a awesome product delivered by flipcart....I bought this phone on this diwali....its a very precious gift for me....it has quade core processor which help to do evry work very frequently with 2GB ram and 16GB ROM......its service is very nice......allover its a best product on this price...... 

 Lenovo A6000 Plus Phone is good but gets hot while playing YouTube videos, games or creating hotspot.  
Not sure if this is an issue with only my set or all the phones of this series. 
Touch buttons in the bottom do not have backlight so using this phone in dark is difficult. 
It has Android 4.4.4, as of date you can not upgrade to more recent version. Frustrating! 
Hope this helps you make your decision! :-)  

 Got the item as per my expectations.
the price range is super.
Flipkart again delivered the item very fast. 

 as per price is concern its a ok device ,but built quality is not that great,battery life is good last almost 1 day ,standby time is great.
over all its an low cost 4g phone so u cant expect a lot from it.
camera is just average. 

 Lenovo a6000 plus is having poor camera front and rear both. Dont buy opt for different brand. This is my humble request to the customers. 

 I have purchased this phone on diwali and it's great phone with low budget...and also get discount with 10%... 

 Recently Bought This phone looks and works good,camera also good overall worth buy.
Could have made with high resolution camera got scattered when zoomed looking forward for some great other phones from Lenovo 

 Specification wise is worth the value for money.
But in my xperience the front selfie cam is not at all good.. very disapointed.
phone gets switched off automatically sumtimes.
overall ok in task handling and gaming. Good storage.  

 Hi, all
This is my review after the usage of 15 days.First of all i would give a thumbs up to flipkart for their service.The phone was delivered within 3-4 days.The packing was good.Now coming to the phone.This device is a masterpiece which has all the required features.There has been complaints that this phone has some serious heating issues.But I haven't experienced anything at all.The 2 GB RAM provides support for Multitasking.There are no lags at all.Medium end games run smoothly.The rear camera quality is good.It captures good quality pictures in low light conditions.(Don't expect a dslr like quality from a 7.5k phone) 
Cons:
The front camera quality is not so good.Anyways it offers decent quality for video chats.
The battery gets used up so fast. 
If your budget is within 8k,this is the one to go with.
I hope this will help u make your decision. 

 Over all phone is one of the best in it's segment. 
But something I expected more is front camera which is 2 MP makes it out of the selfie league. Poly Carbonate back cover is not very hard so i suggest every buyer to also purchase hard back cover. Screen quality is nice but please do not use tempered glass protector most of the time it causes hang or lack on keyboard while typing. 
Rest other every thing is going fine with my hand set.  
**I think every one got the phone in kitkat before upgrading in lollipop make sure the update file is around 1.1 GB or more if it shows 9 or 7 MB file which is Lollipop's kernel file after run this update your OS will be crashed only service center guys are able to solve it with give you preloded os you got at starting. ** 

 The Lenovo A6000 Plus was an excellent smartphone. Battery life is excellent.The boost in RAM ensures that performance is up to the mark for a device in this price range. 

 its been not even 3 months completed, since i bought this and have to restart this phone at every single hour,  
Call is coming but screen will not display the same, was having issue in first week as well then thought needs reboot and will be fine. 
however reboot is now a practice for every hour. 
if you go to search contacts, it will just search and will not show result and will hang till eternity.  

 A6000 phone is switching off suddenly. Battery has some issues and side button does not work. Need to remove the battery and place again to make it on.
Contact are not working properly. 
Returned and got new piece that also has the same issue 

 When comes to mobile phones Flipkart beats all. The phone is really very good and sleek design. Battery is good and comes for 1 and a half day that too I'm using 3G. Please do not upgrade your lenovo a6000 plus to lollipop then everything will collpases. I'm struggling here after the upgrade :-( 

 Bought this smartphone 3 months ago. Still working good. Have all the best features of a budget Smartphone. 

 back side cover is too bad. it will break even for smooth removal of open cover .it is a Good phone of below Rs8000. but giving some what heat. battery backup is Average.  

 back side open cover is too narrow thicknes.it will break even for smooth removal.there is a necessity to change this back side cover.it is a good mobile in the cost of less than 10000. 

 zabardast smart phone in this range, lenovo has now become the baap of every smartphone, go for this fone, ull never ever get a 4Gsmartphone in this range and that too with 2gb ram and a very good processor..... 

 Just want to say its a good phone in this range. still I've no problems with this. You can go with this handset without any hesitation and this will makes you feel better.
Good looking, features, camera, battery. 

 i do know y they didn't provide headset, even the mobile cost is 8000/- other than those everything s fine, phone gets heat sooner 

 initially it has heating problem for this you have to format it. also i heard that after updating it to lollipop it become slow(this prob is common in other companies mobile too). so dont update before confirmation to company or after internet search. because once you update it will not revert back to kitkat. earphone not given. but sound quality is excellent. buy a good earphone or headphone. it has inbuilt dolby music equalizer support. Gorilla glass is not given so need temoered glass also need a good back rubber cover. 

 i am using this mobile from past 7 months there are no problem. camera quality good. two 4G sim card slot, with memory card option. 

 Lenovo A6000 PLUS which i received is not working perfect. problem coming in watsapp, fm radio, contacts, etc. need return or replacement by today. PDTN 
Dherinder Kapoor/ Mayank Shrivastav 

 the best mobile for ever having good battery backup and much more if you thinking best mobile in this price go for it 

 it getting a touch problem very fast it is a 2gb ram but its working as 1gb ram,when my mobile is locked icant unlock some times becuz of touch pad problem, another features are good 

 first 20 days it is excellent after installation of more than 60 apps but after 20 days battery drained very fastly i.e within 3 hours 60 percent of battery drained even phone is kept at idle. and also too much heating issue is found in my mobile even it is idle. don't go through it. now this mobile not use full for me bcoz of when it is used it battery drains with in one hour. don't go through it.but remaining all features are good. 

 i happy with lenovo is my life 1st androud phone and i happy this perfomes this is nice brand is lenovo fight in moblie market with 6000 plus i love this my moblie 

 Excellent very good handy phone memory apperence good display very good packing is good till today no problem 

 1.The performance of phone is too bad.
2. Some times quick access of contact is not possible.
3. Internet is too slow.
4. After one or two calls phone became hot.  

 Over all its worth for de money, its has great looks, even though it has sm pblms, but i lik de look of mobile, all others things r very good 

 i have purchased this mobile for my brother.. its almost 3 months old now, he has not faced a single pro. very good mobile for this rate.... 

 In the 2GB RAM, 16 GB ROM segment, this one takes the cake. It runs smoothly, has great display and works like a charm. The only drawback with the package contents was - no earphone supplied with it. 

 Very good configuration. 2 GB ram and 16 GB internal memory . Having good operating speed with hd display only in 7500 only . 

 PROS- larger display, nice sound quality,faster,low rate ,
CONS- ppi is low,get drain charge , worst ui 

 after 6 months of working one fine day it stopped working. Given to service center and they told it cannot be repared.
Shit phone by lenovo
dont buy 

 What more can you expect for 6k? It's got more features than I care for, easy to hold and operate with one hand and is good looking. 

 really a best product by lenovo, 2GB RAM with 16 GB ROM, camera quality awesome and also the rear camera is good.
Asphalt game is running without any lag. 

 i have brought this phone 4 months back , in starting the phone was good but now i have so much problem , the lock screen button is not work , if you lock the screen again it will take 2 mnt time to get open .. i went to lenovo service center they said it will take 15 days time to get it done , i am so disappointment 

 Handset is okay. bit touch problem. And my handset charging adaptor has been burnt off. Hope i can exchange my charging adaptor as it has 6months of validity. 

 Good Mobile, Good Touch, 4g Supported .Highly recommendable product after a Long time.. Budget friendly, careful packing, easy handling. Feature wise externally extremely beautiful, nice wide screen, awesome Dolby feature(audio n video 

 Advantage:
RAM,Internal Storage,Front Camera 
Disadvantage:
Heating Issue sometime,Speaker Issue,Back Camera 

 Great phone fir the price. Lenovo Branding, Fast Response, Great UI and display, light weight, amazing battery backup, simple, still camera shots are good and elegant looks. 
only cons are:
1. Indication Led missing ( for charging display, miss calls etc)
2. Touch sensitive buttons should have been luminous. 
3. Slow shutter speed for the camera. Specially capturing videos is very shaky, you have to move rral slow to capture a decent video. 

 touch is not responsive, battery is poor, camera is sufficient. several app do not work after lot of efforts like skype. 
I can say average phone 

 Best product in this range. Future of mobile as compared to other is to good & best shipping service by Flipkart. Mobile working smoothly, Front and rear camera quality is best. Thank you lenovo & Flipkart 

 Battery drains like anything.Even on flight mode,battery drains and getting switched off automatically.. 
Cant use pendrive as OTG option unlike Redmi mobiles 

 I like the Phone. I am using since 4 months it is working fine without any problem. but yes I feel that the camera quality of front camera is not good at night shot as expected.
After-all phone is too good. it never stuck at any stage with respect to processing.
I bought this phone at ₹6299 from here at the time of offer. 

 I am not satisfised with this phone, it required above 1 hour for charging and phone became heat after charging . There are 16 GB internel storage if you save more than 4 GB in internel the phone will became verry heat. It is a portable iron box 

 Mobile look is OK. Battery life is good. Camera quality (8 MP) would have been better. The major cons is it doesn't support OTG which is very much needed nowadays for a smartphone user. Overall it is OK if you are going to use this phone only for calling, gaming and bit of picturing. 

 I purchased dz product... Camera quality good. Good rate for the product with many specifications... 

 The Phone is very nice and battery also giving very long life. But some time it's become heat Other wise this phone is good. 

 when you struck it with your finger near camera panel.it sounds like it is broken you know vibrating sound comes. I want to know that anybody is facing the same problem. 

 everything good accept for Gaming. those who want play games please chose another model........................................................................................... 

 Good Camera
Good battery backup
Light Weight, feels very light in hand.
size of the phone is so perfect. 
Bought this phone for ma dad almost 4 month back, NO ISSUES till now. 

 other than that heating the product is genuine at this price
buy this product only with sd card .. 
dont full your storage 

 I gave this mobile as a gift to my mother...very good mobile phone with awesome dolby digital app built in...with 2 gb ram still not yet faced any lagging issues...front camera should have been better 

 Really fantastic mobile in this range, Perfect, slim affordable mobile with an lovely UI.
Lenovo done a great job with this piece.
Sound clarity is Great
Camera looks good
Simply a great phone at this Budget. 
Ordered another piece also... 

 I bought the phone and has been using it since 45 days, the only disappointment was it was missing lollipop android I thought the update was released but it's not 
Pros :
1. 2GB ram does good job no lagging at all even Mi 4i which my friend was using had a lag with same configurations. So, here the brand name LENOVO has done my job 
2.Screen size 5inch display is good and Touch Response was Great 
3.Dimensions of phone make it look like a high end phone
4.Camera clarity is OK because we can only click great pics in direct sunlight 
 in Night the picture quality is reduced on not at all nice
5.16GB ROM - 11.5 GB usable and 32GB expandable what else we need to store on mobile more than that
6. Battery life is same like every other good phone can easily be used for 14 Hours of good gaming, Music, Chatting, File transfer, Voice calling etc., etc., 
Cons :
1.It deserves a update to lollipop
2.Heating issue: When doing heavy Multitasking there is rise of temperature to 42 C. So, as mentioned in so many comments below it is not over heating they are exaggerating the only problem found in the phone. So, don't worry it's not a problem at all. 
I have seen Mi 4i with same configurations and I can say u by just playing shadow fight it over heats to a temperature of 45-47 C. 
Comparing With Mi 4i : ( Bought in Same week )
Mi 4i : 
1. Free RAM : 800 -900 MB without Multi Tasking
 300-400 MB with 2 or 3 Programs Running
2. Over Heating : 45 -47 C
3. Lagging
4. More Themes
5. Good Camera quality for 13MP but not great as iphones or Samsung
6. No Expandable Memory
7. Android Lollipop  
Lenovo A6000 Plus :
1. Free RAM : 1.2GB -1.3GB without Multitasking
 600-800 MB with 2 or 3 Programs running
2. Over heating : 42 C
3. No Lagging as of now
4. Only 2 Themes
5. Average Camera quality for 8MP
6. 32GB Expandable Memory
7. No Lollipop probably by end of this year we may have an update 
And if somebody is in a Dilemma of buying Lenovo A6000plus and Mi 4i 
JUST GO FOR LENOVO A6000 plus you won't regret your decision   

 I purchased this phone from flipkart on 12th Aug 2015. After using this phone for almost 3 months, I think i can given a realistic feedback. This was my first smart phone, but i was my wife's moto g 2nd generation for quite a while  
Pros:
1. Superb battery backup. with my medium usage min 2 days of backup is ensured. I do lots of thing through out the day using my smart phone. From browsing, checking and composing mails, using facebook and watsapp, calander, note, truecaller, editing word file and ppts what not. I can say i almost use my phone as a mini computer. But still the charge stays for 2 days. Some times more.
2. Excellent camera - The camera is excellent better than moto g 2nd generation camera
3. Good touch screen - Though not excellent its works quite satisfactorily.
4. After my Smart got updated to Andriod lollipop, its performance has increased many fold. 
5. It has 16 GB internal memory, which is more than sufficient to store enough data and apps. Still i have 16 GB extended memory which i am hardly using
6. 2 GB Ram ensures a smooth functioning of the phone
7. Audio quality is excellent. I have never experienced any problem with audio quility when making phone calls or listening to music
8. I had not faced any battery heating issue so far.
Cons:
1. The lenovo ppl should have given atleast an ear phone which is missing. Other than that i dont see any issue with my phone
Extellent product. 10/10 from my side
Hope this review is useful 

 Why am I not getting an update to lollipop in my lenovo a6000 plus.....
Anyone.... Please help me.... PLEASE!!!! 

 Hi Everyone,
Please don't by this phone because this phone is a very chip quality and many technical problematic phone. See below is common problem in this phone. 
(01) Touch is not good : 60/100
(02) Camera quality is not good : 50/100
(03) Hardware quality is poor : 50/100
(04) Battery performance is very very poor : 10/100 
I am facing battery,vibration,charging heavy problems. 
If you purchase this phone meas totally vest your money.   

 Device getting over heat and battery backup is 3 hours only.
media server is taking more battery, more than 60% of battery taking .
device getting heat temperature is 48 c if we push content more than 7GB in internal memory 

 Hi, 
I bought this phone 4 months back.othere than above issues,Phone is good.but basic feature i could not speak with that phone low volume.and automatically going switch off 

 Best Phone in this budjed wonderfull phone
Ratings for this phone 
Display-10/10
Performance-10/10
Camera-10/10
Battery Backup-10/10
Design-10/10
Sound-10/10
Software-10/10
Value For money-10/10
Paisa vasul Phone.... 

 Good product. The best part is it's price.. One of the best budget smartphone 

 I was looking for a phone to gift to my dad and wife this Diwali. That's when I came across Lenovo A6000+. 
I am NO expert or a geek. It's just been a week I got 2 of these phones and I would say: 
1. It's an excellent phone with good configurations at a decent price tag. 
2. Feels right in your hands and pockets. 
3. It's not super light or heavy. I would say it has the perfect weight for the size. 
4. The full HD display is simply great. Gives you good clarity across the screen in all angles. 
5. Touch response is good, I wouldn't say super. 
6. Battery life is good. Lasts for 2 days with a normal use
7. I tried the default games that came with the phone and no lagging issues so far. Both the intended users are no gamers, so am not bothered at all. 
8. Setting up the phone is pretty easy. Not too much of heavy updates required unlike other phones at the initial startup/setup. 
9. Make sure you have the micro SIM cards ready.
10. You can easily install/uninstall unnecessary apps. The best part is, its not heavily loaded with apps unlike some of the other phones. 
11. The back cover is great. Doesn't look cheap. It has a soft matte finish and doesn't leave any smudges or finger prints. 
12. Both rear and front camera is good, I wouldn't say excellent. 
11. I would have given Lenovo 5 stars had they provided a handsfree or a headset with this phone. 

 I buy this phone for my brother. It is an interesting mobile I like it. 
but I can't update my phone.... 

 Value for money, long lasting battery, overall a good phone from all perspective 

 Lenovo A6000 Plus is now dated and its camera quality and was poor along with battery warming issue was there until I took it to the service center where they installed the newer Android version. After that the battery issue is gone. Touch is smooth and this phone feels good while holding; gives a premium look so one star plus for that. 

 Every things works well except heating issues and till now struck on outdated android 4.4.4 .
pros
1 Good ram management
2 Good performance
3 Nice Camera
4 16 GB is enough
5 Display is good
6 Snapdragon is far much better than bullshit mediatek processors. 

 pros:
1.awsm camera quality after upgrading to lollipop
2.awsm battery lif... i'm a gamer.. it lasts 1day for me
3.sound quality is good
3.display quality is good
4.Not faced any heating problem
cons:
1.slow charging 

 This mobile is very nice and awesome 
1)Start from Gaming 
All games run Smoothly but graphic gets adjust so a game like nova 3 hangs but all games run very smoothly 
i played many games but no lag at all. 
2) Look and Working
It looks very nice i have white one but it shines from back a pearl white and working it is easy and smooth in working . 
3) Camera 
8mp primary camera is good very good but if you are a camera lover sorry this is not what you will like 
2mp secondary camera it is very nice as it gives it's best performance but on hangout and skype it is like very bad. 
4) Extras 
As we always expect extra some games like spider man asphalt 8 but not the one we play a different one and the best of the most of us like that we can transfer apps to sd without any issue . 
5) Draw back
a}Still on kitkat but no worry ,
b}Dual sim but one slot with 2g only
c}long press button to open the apps manager {task manager } to clean memory .
d} no otg support 
If you are ready and accepting the draw back so this is a nice mobile i am using it a having a great fun so you can have it too heating is possible is every mobile so just avoid it it is on our usage the 1st sim slot is 2g/3g/4g support so no worry i have adjust it .  
People who says this is a China phone so say them i performs very well then Total China phones like Xolo. 

 Best phone in this price range. You can not get better than this. 

 This is my first android mobile. Initially i thought to buy micromax but i bought this after friends suggested. I bought this on 12th of october. This mobilel's mother board got shorted within 15 days. I asked for replacement for this and flipkart checked and accepted, the replacement mobile will get on 10th of November. Apart from battery, this mobile is too good. But lenovo vibe p1m has overtaken this. Better go for vibe p1m mobile than this. 

 Excellent smart phone with superb features.Processor is really fast.Battery back up excellent ,lasts for 12 hours with all applications like internet open for whole day. Battery works without heating the set. Excellent buy from Flipkart. 

 This phone compare to other brand its very good and very low budget with all features but one draw back in this phone charging stand for only 24 hours 

 I have been using this phone, for the last 6 months. To say that I was mightily disappointed, would be an understatement. 
I'll list out both the positives and negatives that I have observed after using this phone, so that the reder will know both the Pros and cons of this bloody phone, before going to purchase it: 
1. Android OS seems smooth with the latest upgrades
2. Camera seems ok
3. Micro SD slot seems a great help
4. The 2 GB RAM seems to be of help
5. Bright Display and Dolby speakers give a good sound 
and a few other features here and there which seems good enough, though unnecessary. Now here comes the Negative part of the phone and mind you, this is a huge chunk of negativity. 
Cons:
1. Screen Guard provided by Lenovo is a total waste. Any Local screen guard performs better than this one
2. The touch screen itself is TOTALLY non-functional. After using the screen for a while, when typing, a few of the alphabets seem to totally non-function. I then either rotate the screen by 180 degrees and then i can access the touch screen for some more time before i can use those letters again - The point is, that the screen itself gets stuck in that area which is heavily used and it becomes numb or stops working and thanks to that, when I press the backspace key, 10 - 20 alphabets type themselves which is TOTAL NONSENSE.... that too, for a phone sponsored by a Company like Lenovo
3. Apps keep hanging. So, I must go to the apps settings screen and force-stop+restart them.
4. The Lower Keys like "Back", "Menu" and "Options" stop functioning randomly. My Back key has totally stopped functioning. In order to go back to the other apps open, i have to go the menu screen and then navigate to the required app, which is a TOTAL WASTE OF MY TIME... 
And a few more negatives here and there, but nothing which one can expect in a High End phone like this one. Perhaps, its because of the fact that Lenovo is a Chinese company and No wonder all Chinese Phones are turning out to be crap... like this bloody shitty piece here... 
Friends, if you get the chance, go for any other phone. But 6000+ is a Waste of time. Frankly, I would never ever go for another Lenovo phone, as its true quality has been revealed to me now. 
Better go for a high end phone, which functions better than this shitty piece, for this is truly one real piece of shit. 
Two stars is a waste of time, when something as Standard as the Screen itself doesnt function properly. A true waste of time. 

 Nice mobile... Dolby inbuilt home theatre... Awesome sound.. Camera is average.. Display nd other features are gud... Working very well since 6 months... 

 this phone is awesome but only one thing is that it consumes more battery . when i used only 4 hrs it gone to 15%. so my advice is wait and buy a new improved lenovo a6000 plus that has 3000mph or more .photo clarity is awesome , speed is more ........ 

 I am using Lenovo A6000+ phone for the last 2 weeks. I am sharing my views which is 100% correct.
Flipkart delivery is very good. 
Pros :
1) Phone display is excellent. (9/10)
2) Sound is very good (9/10)
3) Touch is very nice (9/10)
4) Games are running very fast. (9/10)
5) After software updated Camera is now good. ((8/10)
6) Battery is last of one days.(9/10) 
.Cons:
1) Head phone - not in the box.
2) Lenovo launcher is very poor. Use SOLO launcher for better performance..  
Please allow officially updated Lollipop 5.0.0 version 

 Best phone to buy if your budget is around 7k.
I am submitting this review after 3 months of usage. 
1. Camera quality is excellent according to a phone of price 7k. But avg. size of a pic with rear camera is 4.0MB
2. Look is decent but a very light weight model weighing just 128 gms.
3. Comes with 2GB RAM which is sufficient for this phone. No lag has been observed till now.
4. Speakers are very nice but not that loud.
5. High-end games like Asphalt-8 run smoothly always but sometimes there is a lag. 
Overal, i can sa if your budget swings around 7k than go for it.  

 With the low price, it is a nice product.delivered with in the given time 

 The best a Person can get... product is good... U have to go for this product... Those who want a good Product can go for it... 

 It's the 4th month using the phone. Working super fine and fast .. cheers Lenovo for this product and thanks to flipkart for the exchange offer. 
 
Mobile is great and working smooth for normal functions. But lenovo wesite shows they wre releasing 
android L update to a6000 plus but still waiting for the OTA update. 
Thanks flipkart for timely delivery. Enjoyed big billion days.  

 Best price of Rs 6030 after disc. and cashback from flipkart. Ordered it in the sale time. best mobile light weight. Good features truly a good phone for daily use. Compare to other smartphone in the market this one is better and at this price its a deal. but last one no headphones included still it is fine at this price. 

 I brought two mobiles from flipkart, delivery is good, other futures also good but camera quality is very bad. 

 This is of good value for money.
Good in term of performance and sound quality.
Good Camera for the price.
Big 5 inch screen and Nice Display.
Design is bit OK and is not an eye catcher. 
Using this product for past 5 months and its working pretty good. 
Note: The product purchased became dead in less than a month. Got a replacement product in hand with 2 days. Good Service by Flipkart. :) 

 Already i am using for a week.This one is ordered by me to my staff.Further information will come in future. 

 lenovo 600plus product very very low weight and low cost super product.working nice ram and process camera and every thing ..now i have lenovo 6000 plus and lenovo k3note friends no doubt buy happly no tension its such a good product 

 Product performance and flipkart delivery is excellent.... 
Fast delivery,packing and accessories of mobile,price is super.... 
Thanks to flipkart..... 

 I think for the price bracket this phone seems OK. Camera quality is OK not bad. It is very light weight and handy. But heatup somewhat after 3-4 hours normal use. So if you are playing games daily, then you should think of other phone. otherwise it will heatup a lot on games. For normal use without game it just perform OK not bad.But i would recommend Lava Iris X8 is powerful phone/ Ausus Zenphone with almost double feature and works excellent as compared to this budget phone. 

 I used this product for 5months ..its battery life is around 25-30 hours .camera is good autofocus works well . never hangs and very good processing speed 

 nice display,video quality also good,front camera is excellent.Nice and valuable product for the money
Rear Camera is good,
2 GB RAM, 16 GB internal memory makes this mobile awesome 
Display and touch is too good 
Battery last for one day with out internet. 
overall worth buying.. 

 I have ordered this phone and it took 16 days to deliver to my place in indore. 
If we talk about mobile, its a very good mobile  
Crons-
1) Back camera is awesome 
2) Front camera is awesome
3) Mobile does not get hang. 
4) Battery backup is nice.
5) Look is ultimate 
Pros-
1) Back cover of the mobile is very weak.  

 I used two mobile lenevo A6000 plus but facing same problem in both.mobile getting automatically discharged wthin 4- 5 hours when it was 100 charged. 

 Review after a months use. Lets start with pros. 
Pros - 
Camera - Rear camera picture quality is good
Apps - No lag
Games - Games work fine. 
Cons - 
When the world is moving to Lollipop and even android 6 will be launched in couple of months this phone still stuck with android 4.4.4. No clear update plan to Android 6, lenovo at least should make it clear whether this phone is compatible to Android 6 or not.
One of the other biggest drawbacks is it switches off on its own when lying idle or in the middle of a call. So if you buy this be prepared to miss out important calls in the middle of the night.
Camera - Front camera is worse than a pc camera.
No back lit.
Hap-tic feedback laggy at times.
Not many features like tap to wake, turn to silent. 
Overall this phone is not that good as it is being hyped by flipkart.   

 it is an good phone as compared to price and other phones at this rate.
it is fast ,this is the 4 th month after buying this phone and it has never hanges and i had not faced any glich too.
the problem is that it hets heat up upto 53 degrees but performs fast.
when i was an kitkat user the batterey was not efficient but later when update came the batterey like was maximised by twiceas first.
good dolby audio
good display
good camera
fast
perfect
light weight 

 Received On Time.....
Thanks to Flipkart  
Mobile is in Good condition no lags at all. Camera is also good. Speakers are really Excellent. 
If you are looking best mobile for this price range then you should go for it. 

 amazing phone with amazing features...
really i m very happy with the product..but it's touch sometimes goes..only for some seconds..but i think that doesn't matter so much...
but then also it is an amazing product...must buy it...
thank u flipkart... :) for this amazing phone.....  

 i make a lot of enquiry to buy a new phone.at last i buy this one.this is best phone for this price.it is working good.dont trust that the reviews this phone is bad.this is the best phone. 

 Bought on big billion in exchange to my OLD Samsung phone.. 6K Plus is impressive after a 20 days usage ... Decent fast and RAM Occupancy by OS is limited to 800MB only 
Camera 3/5
battery 4/5
Screen Resolution 2.5/5 
Experienced little heating after having a long talk ... 

 i using this phone for a week... excellent delivary from flipkart...... 2 gb RAM supports all the games......very fast booting... HD CLARITY screen.. excellent for watching videos..no hanging problem
stunning look from outside
charge will be present for 20 hours for medium user,low user 36 hours
""" NOTE :NO HEADSET PRESENT IN PACK""
camera clarity:: average 
sound clarity:: amazing excellent effects .. more equalizer options for bass and treble lovers
sound is low in voice callingcompared to other phone... but not a very big issue..
most people mentioning that heating problem in this phone but its wrong... insert memory card after formatting facing no heating problem
overall conclusion: buy this product excellent value of money 

 lenova mbl recd as per my order does work properly, charger does not have lenova symbol overheating and discharging very fast 

 al things are excellent but a minor thing is that the notifications not enabled in this phone. 
like facebook messenger notification,other notification application not showing in this device.. 
excellent for all condition,but manually operate notification.. 

 Awesome smartphone. Performance is very much satisfactory. Thanks to lenovo and flipkart. 

 best phone under 9000 rs definately better than k3 note and 2300mah battery is very good i feel i should not update to the lollipop because lenovo said we will release new update with all bugs fix so no problem 
headphone out is crazy
camera is ok good in 7500 i can't ask for more hahaha
phone is compact size for a 5 inch display 

 No problem of heating. Sleek, stylish, elegant, light-weight, high on performance, decent battery life.. 

 Well, After thorough analysis I found this phone pretty amazing for following facts 
1) It comes with pre installed anti spyware
2) The UI is awesomely customised, there is a call recorder right in front of your eyes when you attend the call along with other options. many phones fail in putting the most useful options in front of you.. and the pre installed ram cleaner is a charm.
3) I had opened 13 apps and still had 800 mb free on my ram.. thats a super plus.
4) The phone is super light in hands and touch feels very premium.
5) cam is below average, but good enough for the amount you pay..
6) no complains on battery life 
7) call volume is just ok.. speakers are fair enough.. 
Overall worth every penny you spend on it.. 

 Nice and valuable product for the money 
Rear Camera is good, and front camera is ok ok 
2 GB RAM, 16 GB internal memory makes this mobile awesome 
Display and touch is too good 
Battery last for one day with out internet. 
overall worth buying.. 

 Battery has some issues and side button does not work. Need to remove the battery and place again to make it on. 

 For full batter charging it take net 3 hours
And every thing is good in this price 

 A great smartphone...Which has Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 chipset.....Has 2 gb of ram ...Has 16 gb of internal storage ...has 4G connectivity...has a outstanding looks.....at this price point i think its the best smartphone available....just go for it because you needs some extra....tnx flipkart for your great service ...and also tnx to WS retail for their great service....keep it up.ðÂÂÂ 

 i bought it very recently . phone looks good. very handy and comfortable and no heat issues at all . i t looks as if it was a sony xperia... i was satisfied with the new mobile ..i sugest for every body 

 This phone is good only on paper. It shows promising specs but it doesn't even deliver half of that performance which it is supposed to. It's a good budget phone but it teaches you an important lesson that is don't just go for specs.
Detail review:-
Camera- Average(I can't believe it's an 8 MP camera.)
Performance- better than Average (but still does't match upto my expectations or the specs)
UI- below average (It comes no where close to stock android)
Build quality- Average (In my piece back cover shunting was loose)
Display quality - Better than average (at this price)
After sale service- Very less number of service centre. I didn't find any in Jaipur. 

 Do not purchage lenovo a6000 plus. Lenovo hardward does not support some applications like true caller and contact name is stored in your phone book but which does not present while sending messages. Lallypop software update is completely not supporting for lenovo a6000 plus. Application issues are coming. 
Note : Application is installed successfully but application functionality does not work. I had reset my phone several times even though same issue is facing. 

 Nice product in this price.
when playing game mobile battery heating
Sound clarity not good but still nice product compared to other mobile in this range 

 I had bought this phone, Lenovo A6000+, 2 months back. According to me, the phone has done justice to its taglines and captions. I need not have to mention the specs as you already know it. Let me tell you what I think after using the phone for the past 8 weeks.  
1. Heating Issue: The most talked about issue for all smart phone buyers nowadays. I should say,the phone, till now, has no heating issues to be concerned about. It only gets a little warm after long usage of internet or camera(with flash). Well, the phone does get heated a bit after playing high end games for quite some time. And that's quite natural. After all its an electronic device. 
2. Camera quality: The camera of the phone is actually quite good at this price range. It lacks multiple camera modes but still for normal shooting the camera is more than enough. Selfie cam also doesn't disappoint as expected( use third party apps like "Youcam" for a great front cam exprience). 
3. Battery: Well, its an area one will be surely concerned about. For a day, the 2200 mah battery does a pretty good job on moderate use. But heavy users will need to charge it after some hours of usage or need to carry a power bank. 
4. Display: The phone has a pretty good vibrant display and the vivid screen does an impressive job.  
5. Sound : The phone has dual speakers at the back. Has good sound but not as loud as expected. Still its okay. 
6. Performance : Depends on your usage. But I find the performance quite good according to its budget and standard. 
7. Capacitive buttons : One word. Disappointing. I seriously suggest Lenovo should modify the brightness of the color given to the capacitive buttons. Its actually not at all visible even on day light. Only familiarity will help to find the keys in low light conditions. They should see how Asus had colored the capacitive buttons for their Zenfone series phones.  
Thats all folks... 
Well, if you are looking for a phone under 8000\-. I would surely recommend Lenovo A6000 plus. The phone is definitely worth every penny you spent. 
Thank You. 

 recently purchased yu yureka but it is bulky in comparison to A6000 plus and the picture quilty and camera recording is equily good. the main reason i recommend A6000 is its battery which runs full day in singlle charge. buy it.. 

 I have purchased this phone six months ago..but still it was working at the same speed and noticed no problems...
 It doesn't lag,good front and rear camera,good sound and clarity
 overall its excellent with reasonable price. 

 all options are very simple , camara is zooming is very super , best price and best mobile in running section , 

 Camera quality is very poor and touch does not like me and battery backup not good body is very poor quality plastic 

 Thanq for flipkart for delivering this awesome product promptly.About the product-
Pros-
1.nearly 11.9 gb of user memory.
2.good battery backup.
3.good selfie camera.
4.no heating problem.
5.no hanging problem.
Cons-
1.no otg support.
 2.no head phones provided.
3.screen is a finger magnet.
But it is a best phone at this price range.
People with a budget of 7.5k blindly go for this.Really worth it value for money 

 the price is amazing... the quality of the phone is good.. 
worth every penny spent on it... 
the specs are very good at this price point 

 The Lenovo A6000 plus was an excellent smartphone in its own right, average cameras....still an excellent device for the price.  
itz better after update to 151016 

 The Lenovo A6000 plus which is solid as per specification but have minor issues. Performance wise it's a great value of money. Overall satisfied. 

 four stars due to bad ui (user interface)
performance is awesome. look is sturdy and u can use it for styling among friends
heavy games like asphalt 8 and modern combat 4 works smoothly. (i play them for hours)
camera : a lil bit disappointing inside room or dimm light (with flash too)
fone will heat a bit while playing games for some hours. but while using interne absolutely NO
good wireless hardware for connection (even 2g work fine )
battery: awesome (u can watch 3 hd movies easily when it has 75 % battery)
dolby sound : NO COMMENTS **
go for it 

 I am Using this phone from past 2 months but yet i have not facing any problems while i m equipped with this. I use 24 hours data connection on and gaming console. 

 Very good phone, speed is great because its 2gb RAM. Very happy to using this product. Shipping is also very fast. In total happy as a buyer. Thanks Flipkart, thanks WS Retail. 

 I am writing this review after two months of use.  
The phone was a gift to my father. Lightweight make. Good on the hands. No headset is a big no-no. Battery life is decent. Feels plastic-y. But it holds in hands - not slippery. 

 A very nice mobile with gud specs at affordable price...in one word it is awesome...
In overall, i m very much satisfied with d mobile...and i gifted dis mobile to my uncle..he loved d mobile look and evrythng...
coming to pros:
mobile look
camera quality is good in this range mobiles
light weight
2gb ram and 16gb ram
cons:
front camera should have better pixels and it is not a big deal to worry...so can be sacrificed for the cost i purchased 
Finally Thanks to flipkart and ws retail for timely delivery..  

 I like this phone reasonably price 
Cam 7/10
Speed 8/10
Design 9/10
Battery 8/10 
Satisfied with this cost 

 Excellent for its price and features... A extraordinary phone from Lenovo. I bought it for all my family members during big billion days :) 

 with in 4 months the battery gave up. it is getting discharged; 1percent every 2 minutes.
Other wise the phone is good. hangs some times. camera is decent. sound quality is good. for gaming it is a nice phone 

 Phone is nice.... 
But hands free or headphone no in the box.... 
I am totally shocked....... 
if possible please send me a complimentary headphone........ 

 I Used Since 3 Months its Getting More Heating
Except Heating Problem all are Good perfoemance
better to buy another item  

 The first handset I received from flipkart was defective. It was not connecting to wifi frequency of 5Hz (especially dongle). And flipkart customer care couldnt understand even after repeatedly explaining them about the problem. They insisted the problem is with the dongle and not the mobile even when the same dongle can connect to all the mobiles in my household and office!!! The replacement set connects to wifi of 2.4Hz & 5Hz both. 

 best speed of phone & large internal memory in phone value for money product smart looking very slim phone excellent touch 

 I Was Buy Lenovo A6000 Plus, 1) Delivery is good with well packed handset
2) Battery is good 
3) HD Display is good
4) Dolby Sound is good
5) Calling Voice is also Stander better
6) No Heating Problem
7) In-build Apps is very good better than other
8) Very Soft touch screen.
All over this Handset is Better than other handsets in this price.  

 Best product in this price range, very good launch from Lenovo. Recommend this phone to all. Have used other brands, but found Lenovo the best. 

 1. The device is a masterpiece with all the required features, one expects in today's time. 2. The Phone really proves it's worth. The Screen is so vibrant that every time you look at it, it a new experience.
3. Talking about the App's that are pre-installed, please do remove the ones that you feel are not required or else, disable them as possible. The Icons do give a feel of clarity and looks similar to iPhone.
4. 2GB Ram does it's work and does not allow any lags what so ever. The Phone comes with pre-installed Game Apps. I installed the Asphalt Airborne 8 and I am enjoying the game to the max.. with no lags whatsoever.
5. There's a pre-installed app to clear the RAM and CPU and it does prove to be efficient to release the Memory for re-use.
6. Coming to battery, as was informed by Google that Android Kitkat would be battery efficient, so it is.. On a pretty decent usage, with Calls, Emails, Playing Games and using other apps, I still have enough battery the next morning. 
And before I forget, many users informed that the Device Heats a lot and can be used as a Pan. I would say, It's not a PAN and it does work as a Phone. Having said that, the heating is possible only if you playing Games for a long time, or with the charging on, else, there's no heating at all. 
I hope this helps you with your decision making and if you have more questions, Genuine questions, please leave a reply. 

 pros
1.Good camera at this price.
2.bright screen
3.good battery backup
cons
If u r unlucky u will get defective battery handset the people who given less than 2 star are victim of this.  

 The service was prompt and the product received was genuine. The phone can be classified as " value for money". just good product. in such a price tag you can't get better than this. 

 In love with this product...
Just the perfect android phone you wanna have within this budget...
#SAM 

 Great Phone - only sold till July 2015... 
bcoz after that camera quality degraded (both primary and secondary) 
i purchased this product in May 2015 and one of my friend bought it in September... 
I compared both mobile camera quality... Old one was better.... 
5 star rating for - old one
4 star rating for - new one (coz it's not that bad) 
everything else is great... 

 This Mobile gets heated , and the lenovo service website is totally useless with no information on the service centers 

 features are good.
speed good. installed many application. 
Light weight. Camera is clear with 8MP, but when photos are zommed, its not clear
 front camera not much clear.
Light weight. 
i got it form 6029 . same features as that of moto G2.  
Good value of money 

 Good budget phone, value for money.
Battery life is just fine. A screenguard is included since it doesn't get Gorilla Glass. 

 I have been using A6000 Plus since April 2015. I am quite happy with its performance. Operating software has been upgraded OTA to Lollipop by Lenovo. The phone has one 4G micro SIM slot and one non-4G SIM slot. The price I paid in April 2015 was Rs.7499. Subsequently, the price has come down to Rs.6999/-. But I have no regrets that I paid more at the time of buying it as it is definitely worth that price considering the smart facilities offered by the phone that too with 2GB RAM, 16GB ROM and 32 GB expandability. 
I have no hesitation in recommending Lenovo A6000 Plus to any body. 

 phone is good, and no problem also comes with a built in security system. i got my phone but the charger adapter was not working after one week. so i complaint and flipkart gave me rs500 wallet to purchase new charger. the charger can only be purchased from ws retailer which after some problem i am able to get. coming on phone's working everything is fine but sometimes contacts are not shown. no hardware problem. comes with kitkat version.  

 recently purchased this device from flipkart but by i have purchased this phone to just play the game "HAY DAY". when i surf to download the application it shows the game is not available for this device. 
it should not like this.
it should have all supports.otherwise the device is good. 

 Superb Camera Quality.....Speakers and.....Performance....but some times it Stucks!! 
Superb Camera Quality.....Speakers and.....Performance....but some times it Stucks!! 
Superb Camera Quality.....Speakers and.....Performance....but some times it Stucks!! 

 Its only been a week but I'm quite impressed with the multi-tasking capabilities of this phone. With a clear screen, excellent sound quality and good internal specifications this is a real value for money buy. 

 I purchased this phone, phone is very good
processor ram good for normal gaming and support 4g is plus 
 but camera quality is worst 

 I am very glad to review this product...
If you are looking for best product around 6000 rupees than this is best phone for you...
Quality A
Sound A+
Phone Spec A
Ram A+
Overall A 

 I am purchase this phone in amazing phone Super look,sound,ram& clarity also good thanks to flip kart *********i 

 It is just an ordinary android phone for cheaper prize with many bugs. I am using this phone for almost one month and now can write about it.  
Pros: 
1 RAM is 2 GB. (but that also do not gives the feel of having excessive speed)
2 Internal memory is 16 GB.
3 Camera is good. 
Cons:
1 Phone signal losses eventually; even in wide open area.
2 So often it do not shows the caller's name even though you have it in contact list.
3 Battery drains out even in standby mode. Need to charge the battery almost every alternate day. 
4 Blue tooth disconnects by its own and every time you have to enter pass code to reconnect it even with the already paired devices.  
I will not suggest anyone to waist money on this phone. I was thinking of buying one more for my sister but now will not.   

 Battery backup is very good. Only defeat is automatically copy the memory card file to Phone memory...
Over all is good 

 I have ordered this mobile in Big Billions day for 6K(7599-800(flipkart offer)-800(SBI card)). As usual Flipkart super fast delivery. Very happy with the performance of this mobile at this price. Only the issue is ear phones are not given along with the phone. And Lenovo need to upgrate the OS to lollipop, at present it is running in Kitkat vevrsion. Vibe GUI is superd, very simple to use. Not seen any hang. Like other smart phones this one also give one day battery only. 

 Very good product and value for money. Dont put your old SD card otherwise you will drain your battery within 7 hours. If you are facing such problem please take back your SD card from it and it will work superbly. 

 Flipkart service is becoming sluggish day by day. Anyways the product came within the expected date. Good Product. Xcelent phone in this budget. 

 the phone has suddenly stopped since this morning -till now not able to start it - NO Support from flipkart - i was told that the ORDER NUMBER DOES NOT EXIST !!! WHAT A ROTTEN AND IRRESPONSIBLE RESPONSE FROM FLIPKART SUPPORT - LENOVO SUPPORT IS FAR WORSE - THE GUY'S MOBILE PHONE IS SWITCHED OFF EVEN AT 3 PM .. IT IS HIGH TIME THE GOVT REGULATED THIS KIND OF CHEATING .. A PERSON LIKE DR SUBRAMNAIM SWAMY SHOULD TAKE UP THIS KIND OF CASES AS PUBLIC INTEREST LITIGATION... 

 actually am bit nervous about the problems of the phone like heating, screen not responding and all but when am using these am surprized that there is no problem at all. so you must try. if you are not satisfied with this then return it. actually it is awsm in these price range. only problem is, no earphone with the box else it is fantastic. 

 Gr8 product by Lenovo with superb icing on the cake by Flipkart Festival Sale pricing 
Can't sepcifically tell much product as purchased for my friend but yet as seen it was awsome in near price category other phones. 

 M using this product from last 1 week. Awesome performance...
As it contains 2GB RAM with Quad Core Processor.
Camera quality is okay.
Overall... awesome.... 
Can be beter if Lenovo provide Gorilla Glass Protection in this phone in future.. 

 I got Lenovo 6000 plus for my brother 5 months ago. However he had to repair it twice as it was getting switched of frequently(they say it's due to board/chip issue. It's getting hot without any reason. He just called me and told it's not turning on now. The service center representatives at Kottayam doen't have any clue on what to do. Really frustrated. I regret that I purchased Lenovo phones for my cousine sister as well. I even advised many to buy Lenovo products. 

 The box didn't had any earphones in it. Rest the phone works excellent; may get up a little heated using while battery connected.. 

 was unresponsive after use of 2 months.
finally Lenovo service centre solved the issue but i can not use any headset or earphone on this phone.
does not support any headset, so no use of this phone for music lovers. 

 feeling awesum..... have great features at just 6k....
the product is delivered today.... bit disappointed becoz of late delivery by flipkart
phone is working good....
camera is good....
speakers are good...
satisfied..... 

 Fantastic Phone. Very nice and happy with the phone and quality. Already advised 4 people and they already bought and happy with it 

 SIR MY LENOVO CAMERA IS NOT WORKING PROPERLY. UNABLE TO SEE PIC AFTER TAKING SNAP . BATTERY LIFE IS ALSO NOT GOOD . SIR AS SOON I BOUGHT IT DID NOT FUNCTION WELL. I HAVE COMPLAINED BUT OF NO USE. I HAVE ASKED FOR REPLACEMENT. BUT WHY I HAVE TO SUFFER AFTER BUYING WITH MY HARD EARNED MONEY SUCH A USELESS LENOVO A 6000 PLUS 

 i buy this before 1 month.. satisfied with the product... working without any issues.
camera problem was solved by the 2nd last upadation on kitkat vertion(kraft OS15- 150819). there is a new upadation is avilable.. but i dnt know the results.  
My advice to A6000 plus users.......
* avoid large size .mkv video files. it cause to battery drain. if u are add and play large .mkv files, i found that the media server is takes the full juice of ur phone battery also ram.
* better to keep files in inbuilt memory 
Before the above updation(pros)
*primary camera- 8/10
 frond camera- 9/10
*performance - 9/10
*UI - 7/10
* dolby sound - 10/10 superb experience
*display - 8/10(nice one in this price)
* battery - 9/10 ( i'm a above avg user) more than a day backup. 
cons
* very minute heating issue.. its not a big issue
* headset support issue.(by luck i got a lenovo head set and it works awesome)
* lollypop update( but i am satisfied with the kitkat) 
 :-) AJEESH 

 The specifications given with this price range is really good. But it has poor software.
Its being 4th month of my purchase. I tried to autoupdate the software. The IC has been shorted while updating the software and i now replaced the IC. i find it hard to locate a service centre too. and when i went there, i saw a long queue with similar issues of lenovo A series phones. So plz friends never buy this phone 

 really good phone in this class but little bit issue ... 
1.slim body looks batter for 5 inch display 
2.in this price batter ram
3. hd recording not available but good camera...
4. Dolby digital sound experience best sound if u are using headphones. 
problems  
1. phone heating continuously but there is solution  
my personal suggestion is remove your memory card and dont save big size mkv video files in memory card my problem has been solved try it ..... 

 Only the back cover for this product should be replaced with some hard metals or plastic. Back cover is worst. 

 This particular mobile from lenovo grabbed a lot of attention at online exclusive launch but failed to impress or even provide satisfactory performance on usage.
Got this phone delivered by flipkart 2 days late, and after that I discovered that its camera quality was very poor, OS felt sluggish ( don't know whether it was problem of RAM or any other issue). Heating was almost unbearable after using the phone for just over 30 minutes.  
I asked flipkart for refund, and they sent me an "app". Asked me to install it and run it for detecting/correcting any software problems. As soon as i did that, the phone heated up quickly and turned off. It hasn't worked since.  
Now flipkart says that the seller has refused to initiate refund/replace the mobile. 
Now i know for sure my 7.5k bucks have gone down the drain.
Thanks Flipkart. I learnt my lesson. 

 never hang, min vacant ram is 1GB if zero apps running which is really good thing...
heavy apps running smoothly 

 Very nice instrument. Excellent packing and prompt delivery. Definite Thumbs Up to this product. Total value for money. I would recommend this mobile phone to all 

 after using the phone i have concluded that.....The phone is awesome there is NO HEATING OR BATTERY ISSUE....ALL THEY ARE SAYING DON'T BELIEVE THEM....the disadvantages are :-
1: Built quality is not much good(its a china product so handle with care)
2.Front camera is supper but the pictures are not that much satisfying 
Advantages;-
1; Phone ui is good no issue with it...Vibe is better than MIUI
2; 2 gb ram n 16 gb rom makes it worthy for smart phone...
Great work lenovo.....KEEP IT ON 

 lenovo a6000 plus realy its work great and also its have 2 b ram for lag free playing with this
and stunning display and supperb performance 

 I brought this phone on big billion sale, am happy with phone, but poor cam quality so one star less. Every thing else seems good. 

 dont buy 2gb ram lenovo a6000 plus.
buy only lenovo a6000 ok
A6000 CEMERA QULITY A6000 PLUS BAD QUALITY  

 Excellent product. 
Good battery backup. only some heating issue on internet surfing.Otherwise all good specially good feature of security app preinstalled 

 This is a very good phone. Its overall performance is very good. Its been since 2 months I am using this phone! Its a very good phone. The camera is very good. The games are playing very good in it. It has a HD display. However, if used for too long, the phone becomes a little heated. To solve this, install Clean Master and Battery Doctor. Solve the CPU temperature. It will solve this. Its a very good phone. I recommend you to buy this. 

 good phone for the price... comes with a screen protector... but please buy a case for this phone... it is extremely slippery.... 

 The Lenovo A6000 Plus works as a charm and one will surely love using this phone.
I have purchased 2 units in the last two months and here is what I found. 
PROS:
1. The foremost thing is the superb performance of the phone whether it is multi tasking or heavy gaming, it works flawlessly.
2. Secondly, the music output is of great quality. The rear dual speakers are quite loud n clear and the dolby works great specially when u plug in your (own) headsets.
3. The HD display is very nice with great viewing angles as well.
4. The battery backup is pretty impressive.
5. The looks n design makes the phone quite catchy to the viewer.
6. The UI of the phone is also good. 
CONS:
1. The biggest con is the set of cameras specially the rear one. They can capture decent images only in daylight conditions or else they become useless producing images with huge noise in low light conditions. 
2. No screen protection i.e., no gorilla or dragontail glass on top.
3. No usb OTG support. 

 i have a6000 plus mobile just wanted know about update of android 5.1. Mobile is good camera clearity is best but mobile gets heated when battery is low. so please dont connect to internet when battery is less than 15% other wise product is good in this price range 

 the mobile is very good. camera is up to the mark. battery backup is also nice. worth for the money. thank u lenovo. thank u flipkart for ur big billion sale. i reccomend this product for all. 

 worst product..1st two month it was ok but then battery is draining very fast within two or three hours automatically.... 

 My phone have been given to service center thrice in past 3 months for motherboard, screen, volume keys and software issues. i might throw it away or sell it half the price if it crashes 1 more time. Further their third party service center take min 2 weeks to repair your phone as they don't have spare parts readily available in stock. i will never buy any Chinese brand in future. 

 I purchased this phone and its almost using from last 6 months and realized that it is heating up too much even if the phone is kept idle and battery was draining very fast. I have updated latest software, resetting the phone Also. 
At this price range we can get many other good phones 
 
Pros
Good Performance
Good Camera
Display touch is too good
Wifi, 4g, 3g, 2g is also working fine.
Good Storage 11.85 GB 
Cons
sometimes when i open camera it's show error
when i tab power on/off button 2-3 times then it work once
No notification light but it's no a big issue 
it's a best deal on @7499 Rs if you want to a good phone with low budget so you should bye
Lenevo A6000 Plus :) 

 i have purchase two Lenovo A6000 Plus Phone 
and phone features is good.
an i will purchase more product... 

 A nice phone in this price range. Have been using 3 6000+ phones in family. Battery lasts all day, no phone hanging, no restarts require. Sound output with bluetooth speakers is good. Display is nice. Net surfing is also at good speed.
Overall, a must buy phone. 

 Its good phone to buy in this budget .If you want the best of everything then you will have to spend accordingly. I am enjoying this phone with out any issues as if now.. Ya its true phone getting bit hot...but not that much..anyways good phone to buy 

 I bought two mobiles one for me and another one for my friend. Both are working perfectly. No heating issues. Thanks to Lenovo and Flipkart. 

 Happy with product as well as seller  

 To fliokart. This mobile have a system ubdate. New.
So I can ubdate the phone and phone still not running..
 So can u repair my mobile...  

 The battery of phone is running for 8 hours only after charging it for 04 hours. The phone get heat up like anything. 
The battery runs for 06 to 08 hours if internet is switched off.
I think any chinese made phone can perform better than this one.
Complete waste of money. It is like buying a chinese toy which looks like a mobile. 

 At the prices of 7500 No phone have 2 GB RAM,5 inch display,a lolipop OS ,16 GB ROM,dual SIM with 4G,1.3 GHz processor and there is no problem in lagging when 10 12 application is open
but you disappoint with camera. 

 Very Nice Phone
Battery Backup Is good, Grafix also good not getting struck while the playing games
camera is also good Nice look sound quality also good  

 very disappointed with the product, it look dirt cheap quality wise and very delicate and it seems will not last 6 month. I bought considering specification of phone but trust me you will not like look and feel of product. it seems you are holding dummy phone. I would recommend not to buy it 

 I just got this mobile and its just 1 day. I am still testing the same. In the mean time I ordered A6000+, but in the phone there is no mentioning about this and also in the settings it shows as A6000. How to differentiate or identify these phone. 

 I gifted this mobile to my Dad and he is fully satisfied with it.
No lag, premium looks made this mobile stands out from the peer group.
if you are looking for budget mobiles, Go for it - U never regret your decision. 

 Excellent value for money product !! works seamlessly without any lag and Camera quality is good in the segment. 

 A simple word
-Cheap and best- 
GENERAL FEATURES
Brand Lenovo
Handset Color Red
Form Bar
SIM Size Micro SIM
Model Name A6000 Plus
Touch Screen Yes, Capacitive
SIM Type Dual Sim, GSM LTE
Model ID P0SB004BIN/P0SB004EIN/P0SB0010IN
In the Box Battery, Handset, USB Cable, 2 Pin Wall Charger 

 all functions are good. Camera quality if good, however video recording is not so good. Overall go for it in this range. 

 excellent product from lenovo no heating issue unti now 1 week of usage 
pros
great back camera 
very good front camera 
gaming performance is good
cons 
no 3g for the 2nd sim   

 really a nice and slim piece with appropriate hardware configuration and features with minimum cost. 
I m using A7000 also and this both without any complaint/ problem. 
Now there is no heating problem at all after initial updates as i seen in several reviews . 

 Good features, excellent connectivity and very good performance. There are some initial issues regarding social media apps like whatsapp when signing in for first time but there are solutions available.....(like insert sim in sim 1 slot and then configure APN for first time...) 

 -ve:unfortunately measure has stoped ,adobe air has stoped,hanging,update failure.
+ve:no heating,good battery life,good design.  

 Nice stuff.
Product in Good Packing, and delivered before timing. 
Product is very good condition.
Both Camera Quality Excellent.
Micro Sim Supported. 

 All features are ok except battery...battery is draining speed mainly when we are using internet..other than that all features are good in this budget 

 nice cell phoneee
2gb ram best price of leovo a600plus
8m camera 
best price in flipkart only 
fast delivery 

 it has many issues nd goes to service center evry month..nd stays for atleast 1 month....nd service providers are just bullshittt.. 

 excellent mobile in this price category.
camera good
ram good
touch very good
i m overall satis fied
highly recomended
this phone
some hamndset have problems.
good awesome phone. 

 1. Battery capacity low
2. Heat while charging or while process any application
3. don't support some of application 

 after my experience of five month use i feel some better and bitter experience 
better experience 
1 good battery backup
2 good processor 
3 saving ram 
4 internal memory 
 bitter experience 
1 heating 
2 vibration not working
3 back cam is not good 
4 lollipop updates giving so many problems so beware about updAtion 

 Within one month this phone is showing Battery related issues. Charge is not staying more than 2 hr and Phone is emiting heat too much. 

 Poor camera.. they mentioned in the specifications 8MP but originally it is below 5MP expect camera all features are good. Mi Prime2 is the best in the same range of cost 

 Nice mobile as per Price asked by Lenovo!! but build quality u can not expect from mid range phones!! 

 This is my second purchase this phone,Very nice phone really superb every thing is fine in this phone. 

 it gets hang......otherwise it is a good mobile....but power button doesnt work properly....and it shows a blank screen when i go to open messeging app...so make sure while buying..  

 The phone delivered by Flipkart of Lenovo is a good phone if we consider it's specification, But after using it for few months my phone started disturbing...
Touch of the phone is not working properly
Sometimes it hangs... 
It hurts when a phone from such a big company don't work properly....
SO everyone be careful before buying this phone....
I don't know whether the Flipkart has delivered the bad product without checking it or because of any other reason this happened..  

 I had some technical problem with first shipped phone but Flipkart replaced it for me without any fuss. I will recommend it to all my friends!! 

 Value for money product in this price rang......................................................))))))) 

 Flipkart One of the most bad and unresponsive online company. 
 i think i lose my money. 
Friends Please don't buy this product. 
Front camera is producing blurry photos.   

 I have ordered this for my friend and he is happy with the product now. I cant write the pros and cons because I am not using this. But I must say, the service was excellent by flipkart. I ordered it, and after a week my friend opened it and found the display touch is not working at the bottom of the screen, I have requested for a replacement, I got a call from the customer care and they have used an app to check the display. They found it to be defected and replaced it next day. The second one which I got was working good. 

 Thanks Flipkart for the timely delivery. 
The best phone in this price range. Lollipop upgrade available OTA. 
Cons: No headset with this device.  

 I Purchased 01Lenovo A 6000 ,
02 Lenovo A 6000 Plus
01 Lenovo A 7000  
excellent working First two months 
And now I am staying at lenovo Cervice centre Very much happy Board problem Heating problem Battery problem ......... 

 this mobile is the perfect mobile \\- new feature , high Ram/Rom , low price , HD display and slim 

 It have good quality. Also looks nice to hold due to light weight.There is only "-" that is lacking of gorilla glass otherwise it very good product. 

 i am using this mobile from one month first 10 to 20 days it was working fine and now it is heating up like iron box while using or charging too much heat even charger also heating up. 
other than heating problem mobile is ok. 

 This mobiles perform is so good. Picture quality is very good, battery not heat at the time of charging. Sound quality is good. Best product at this price. I already brought 4 pieces of this product. And flipkart delivery is so good. So friends buy this phone for better results. 

 I have purchased the lenovo a6000 plus cell phone it is some technical problem and i have returned it and they have accepted it. flip kart is turntable marketing site. go with flip kart enjoy the shopping..............
Thank 

 I use it upto 5 months then I give the review.. Phone is not good .. Has 4 issue - 1. heating issue, 2. battery service is very poor 3-4 hrs when using internet ,6-7 hrs for not using internet, 3. RAM 2GB but phone hang when I play subway surfers, no OTG support ... Don't buy it... 

 Fellow Indians, please do not buy any Lenovo Smartphone, as they conceal the fact that their phones don't support, ANY REGIONAL LANGUAGE OF INDIA. U will have to be satisfied with smudged images of your regional language. Let it be Kannada, Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, Bengali etc.,. They have confirmed it to me through their email. I HAVE THE PROOF. Hence, please, please, don't go behind LENOVO Smartphones, as they are not SMART at all... 

 I purchased this phone on 22 Jun at Rs-6299 through SBI debit card offer. It was my first purchase through flipcart app by using debit card. I discover that it is very easy to use debit card in app. Before purchasing this model I made a research in different websites and also view some videos in youtube and now after using that device after 4 months I am very happy. 
pros: 
1) DISPLAY QUALITY: It is awesome. Truly HD. Color reproduction is better than other 5 inch phone at this price tag. Touch is very sensitive. Brightness and contrast is good to watch it in direct sunlight. Light sensor is working properly, so just set the brightness to AUTO mode and forget it. You can read pdf books very easily in it.  
2) SOUND QUALITY: Sound is very loud as it has dual Dolby speaker. But some other phone has better sound quality than it (e.g.- honor holly) 
3) CAMERA QUALITY: Camera is very good. You can take a Clear photo from a moving car's window very easily. In low light it works nicely. Flash is also good. 
4) BATTERY QUALITY: Similar to every smartphone. You have to charge everyday. Battery back up is not very good, also not too bad. 
5) LOLLIPOP UPDATE: After updating to lollipop version heating issue reduces very much. 
cons.
1) HEATING ISSUE: Initially there is some heating issue when charging the phone. But after lollipop update and installing "DU battery saver" app, this issue is now resolved. 

 this one is a good phone and it's proven worthy...
camera's good...
nice OS version...
Sound system is also nice...
could have given headsets!!! 

 Camera: It is of 8 MP but the quality of photographs are same as 2 MP.
Call Volume: Volume of caller voice is low.
Email: Installed IMAP email. Email saved in draft is not opening for editing and further sending.
Battery : Backup of battery is good.
App: Too much of unwanted app given.  

 Bought the phone and was very happy with it for the first 3 months. After that, the touch screen developed a problem. Its now been 6 weeks that the phone is sitting in the service center. The service center phone is always busy. In the off chance that it connects, no one bothers picking. On going to the service center, the standard answer is "No Stock".
Very put off with this service. This is the last Lenovo product that I buy. Sad that for the awesome product they create, this is the kind of service they provide. 

 Its a good product in a very healthy amount. It has a very good features that is liked by phone savys 

 I got the delivery by next day. Quick delivery even in TBBD fantastic performance by WS Retail. Keep Rocking :-) 

 I bought my Lenovo A6000 plus mobile on July, and its was workkng fine but now few days later its suddenly getting switched off often and now my mobile is completely switched the board n side is gone.. its not opening... such a worst product i have ever seen.Please people dnt ever try to get this because its a budget phone..not worth get this.. try something else of your choice... 

 Its very nice phone. I have been using for 2 months and its performance is good till now. good for its price range. 

 I had purchased Lenovo A6000 plus 40 days back.Camera quality is not good. Automatically switched off every 1 or 2 days. 

 I bought this for my brother. It works beautiful. 2 gb ram is a good offer in this price range. very clear camera. 

 MAHA BUNDLE PHONE,WASTE OF MONEY MADE IN NAME OF FLIPKART. TOUCH WORKING AUTOMATICALLY,SOMETIMES NOT WORKING AT ALL 

 i got this phone as a gift and it is so good with 2GB ram and some heavy apps are ran as cool  

 phone performance battery backup, looking and front cam is very good.but primary cam picture quality is poor.except that,this phone is excelent at these price 

 all features which equal compare to 20K mobiles and it was 2GB ram also seperate graphic card for playing more games. total hexa core processor and working properly with out any trouble .while charging no heat and also while playing games no heating
all features which equal compare to 20K mobiles and it was 2GB ram also seperate graphic card for playing more games. total hexa core processor and working properly with out any trouble .while charging no heat and also while playing games no heating 

 This is my second purchase of the phone. I am impressed with the specs. but with new mobile launched almost every week, one can also explore other option in this price range. Overall satisfied with the buy. 

 Phone is good and battery is good, picture Quality is good and also sound is good.best for this price range and flipkart delivery is very fast as compare to other. Happy to have this phone and nicely operate This one. 

 I have been using it since two months. Great phone - weighs lighter than comparable 5 inch phones - pretty fast - camera works great outdoor as well as indoor (except in very dim light). Great value-for-money - more so after flipkart exchange gave me 2k off on this phone's price. Lots of pre-installed apps for all practical uses.  
This is also a drawback (lots of unnecessary pre-installed apps). The apps keep running in the background and block a lot of RAM most of the time - so you need to kill the apps at times to free memory. Gives warning 'battery heated' even after slight heating in the car - seems to be an app problem only (the phone or battery actually doesn't heat up) Another drawback which a friend using same phone experienced was very bad customer service at the service centers (though the glitch in his phone was rectified eventually). Does not come with an earphone. 

 Plz dont buy this mobile.mobile. Im facing heating issue ,and this mobile battery drains fast and in few days SD card files wont be shown in gallery.and front camera is very poor. i request buyers not to choose this mobile based on its low price,with 16gb memory.Then you'll suffer like me. 

 I have purchased Lenovo A6000 plus mobile and i was facing a MIC issue with this mobile. Not able to hear my voice to other side. First time flipkart has replaced new mobile due to this reason. Even replaced mobile also facing same issue. 
when you will do out going calls, receivers feels that your voice is very low, not able to hear. Some times they can able to hear voice clearely. Frequently i have faced this MIC issue, when i tried to call with this device. 
Is this problem with Flipkart/Lenovo mobiles, don't know? 
for configuration wise, looks good.  

 I received Lenovo a6000 plus.In the spec it had 8mp primary cam and 2 mp secondary camera .But the camera had very poor quality and not get the clear picture. 

 Pros :- 
1) Great Screen.
2) Great Processor & ROM.
3) Excellent Value for Money 
Cons :- 
1) Lenovo Vibe Ui  

 very worst product & heading problem, battery not good ..
Pls dont purchase...just three month we purchased but in good now... 

 A6000 pluse phone is switching off suddenly. power board has some issues and side button does not work. Need to remove the battery and place again to make it on. 
As part of this phone provided 4G sim. with this suddenly mobile signal goes off and after some time comes. if you are in urgent to call, thats it you have to wait, which is bad. same with wifi signal too ..  

 Gogoodm
Good product, some heating issues ,good perfomance, overall good product, flipkart shipping very fast 

 Lenovo A6000 Plus.................................................................................................................
Excellent mobile with advanced features..............................................................................
Thank you Flipkart................................................................................................................. 

 RAM and internal memory are the biggest pros for such a low cost.
but there is a problem:a small touch part in the middle of the display isn't working after around 2 months of use.. but still it is manageable..   

 works fine, I bought 2 phones actually 3 phones, no issues. Normal Heating as others and decent battery 

 Sep 4, 2015 
Lenovo a6000 plus
Thanks Flipkart for early delivery!!!
Looks wise its great.
Light Weight.
Display is good, It comes along with screen guard.
Can operate using one hand easily.
Earphones are present in the box, don't worry...
Removable battery. Battery backup is up to 2days on 3g network very good battery
Charger cum USB, but its not long enough!
Camera is OK.. Still good at this price with torch.
After getting this, you will have to upgrade it immediately for smooth functioning. It takes some time.
I would say the best phone below Rs.7499/- with 4G & Lollipop!!!
Best phone for this price amount 

 I am writing the review after using this phone for 4 months. In todays market you will get a better phone in a less amount. This are the reason for which u should not buy this phone.... 
1> Battery is very inappropriate for day to day use. If u want to use this for 4 hrs also it will put u in a mess. After using for 30 mints the phone temperature will rise very much. 
2> Input and touch system of this phone is just horrible. You will press one letter or area and it will take input from other area. Many times you will find that screen is just get stuck. 
3> Manufacturer claims and system will also show that this phone is having 2GB RAM but speed and lagging will remind you the old daddies. 
4> About the both side camera I should say that it's performance is just like old phones VGA camera which is just good better than none. 
Overall performance of this phone is very bad but if u want a phone in this price u should go for YU YUPHORIA which is far most better than this one.  

 Pros:
1.excellent display
2. fluid
3. feather weighted... amazingly light
4. good quality sound 
Cons:
1. Battery way below mark. Not satisfied with battery
2. Should have a personalized earphone 
ALL in all agood buy at 7499/-. Would reccomend it. But battery is issue. 

 I decided to give a try for lenovo when my old smartphone got dead. its nearly 6 months from purchase. No complaints or probs. Smoothly running and looks fresh and new till now. I have installed a lot no of apps and phone never crashes. Build quality is good. Touch interface is smmoth. Batttery back-up is okay.  
 -ves: No LED notification 

 Best service by flifkart.My lenovo is awesome. I have purchased this cell for my personal use. Till today its working good. 

 I brought TWO Lenovo A6000 plus and both the devices had same power button problem.
Once you off the display by pressing power button and try to make it ON by pressing power button again, device won’t come to live until you remove battery for force restart. 
I faced same issue with both devices I brought. Configuration is good but with above issue, I’ll not recommend this as best Buy.  

 iam using this phone from 3 months i have some touch issues but this phone is very nice and no lags while playing games camera is good but should have to improve the front camera upto to now ihave buyed 10 mobiles a6000 plus nobody has issues they are enjoying a lot with this because no phone have at this price thanks to flipkart and thank u guys 

 i bought it in oct 2015,it was running gud when its software was kitkat,now i have updated,
now i face a big problm it does not read my SD card,
its battery is good if u r not a havy user,
it takes 3-4 hr for full recharge 10%-100%
looking good
camera is goood
sound is best
network is gud
i preffr fr buy it 

 Very good in this budget no other mobile can compete with this as of now.. Lenovo got the pulse of indian customers....Super, using it from past 3 months no problem 

 i am using this product more than 3 month, i am satisfy this phone performance
good product
good battery life
good screen
in this price very suitable
performance also good
you feel a excellent premium mobile in hand 
highly recommended to purchase. 
flipcart service excellent 

 which i got this before one months,awesome product from lenova. the battery is standing for two days for normal users ,the look of this mobile is superb,front camera is 2 MP depends on place which gives you good clarity ,rear camera is amazing,the sounds are nice.The default OS is kitkat 4.4.4 and also we could update to Lollipop, RAM IS 2 GB ,
best mobile at this price. 

 the 8M cam is very worse and it doesn't have clarity in picture 
if you slightly zoom picture it completly pixels get break
i dont recommed this phone 

 I purchased it from flipkart and the phone is running very smoothly with 2 GB RAM. There is a small delay in opening the contacts and messages, I guess the problem with contact manager. Rest all is fine... 

 Good phone.its working properly.liked it.going to order one more for my friend.asphalt already installed in it.every phone will have little problems.so dont compare.thats all 

 Issues :  
1. Battery was draining very fast,
2. Touch behaving weird,
3. After LOLLIPOP update update whats app contacts issue,
4. Same issue after motherboard replaced ( Heating issue ), 
Note : pls don't buy 

 ok not a bad buy . front camera is not satisfactory when upgraded to lollipop the battery backup is worst. dont buy this phone. i am just satisfied by this phone. i took my bro phone and given him this phone in return. dont buyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy 

 bought it seeing my friends lenovo.gud phone.its working properly.doesnt started gaming till now.so dont know about heating concept.liked it.thanks flipkart and ws retail. 

 One of the best feature of this Mobile Device is the storage capacity, with 16GB storage and 2GB ram, I am enjoying the best possible media and entertainment on my device.
The assurance and quality of the product is up to the mark with suitable battery life as well.
I would like to recommend this Mobile Device to everyone and one of my colleague has indulged as well.
With Dolby sound quality I can enjoy N' number of songs and videos on my device. The camera quality is better than any of my earlier mobile devices which is best for me and my children. 

 Awesome product.. Flipkart delivered it in less than 24 hours..
This phone is really good, no lags, good clarity. Its a 4G phone.
I have now bought the 2nd A6000 plus phone. Its working well 

 lenovo should improve quality of camera as they say it has 8MP but it looks like 5MP camera of any local brand mobile.disappointed with camera.other functions are good. 

 Charging so slow. More than 3 hrs to charge. Charging Cable length so small. It is so small................ 

 The touch is not responding at the bottom of the screen in my Lenovo a6000 plus and it results any random application getting opened. Also Back soft key is not working for sometimes I am able use it somehow properly but it is very frustrating this way.   

 I purchased this phone on Aug,2015 that means 3 months ago . Now I am thinking to through this phone because its of no use now. The moment I unplug from charging after it is fully charging immediately it drains out within half an hour even if you keep phone idle.  

 having battery problem since 1 month......initially it was very nice ..after 40 days battery is going to drain means in 1 hour it is discharging from 100% to 1%....worst performance 

 Please do not buy it. Its totally waste of money. touch pad is not working after 2 months, back button is not working.
Go for Xiomi or moto e 

 lenovo phone is not good quality.... my compny honours first phone buying me nd this phone is bad .......problem ;-hit...not a quality good...hang any etc, problem 

 Dont purchase this mobile at all.... camera images are coming with dots on it. 
With such a fantastic specification and at affordable price this hadset would have been best but failed due to camera issue. Camera images are useless...... Dont purchase. 

 Hi..
mobile is very good, but my mobile was not vibrating and the service center services is very bed the have taken 22 days for small thing. 
pathetic service quqlity.... 

 Thanks to flipkart for given this mobile,
Great picture,Super fast internet and Great Battery Back-up. 

 phone is kudos offering but some problems came like shotting n i had repair it frm local stores. But worth purchasing. best at its price . soft touch, camera is also not bad, n nothing else to say ... nice.... 

 got this phone for my mom.. nd its great... she is not a gamer, nor she captures lot of pictures with it. The display is awsome keeping the price point in mind... bit of lag here nd there... can be negotiated.. camera is very good
the best part is its battery life.. surprisingly it lasts for 1 nd a half days.. with wifi on most of the times and whatsapp.
screen on time of almost 6.5-7 hrs which is really great.
in around 7500 its a great phone... i would recommend it if u r not a heavy gamer. 

 With the budget 7.5K I m really satisfied with a6000+....I m not facing any heating or battery discharging type problem in my phone....it is a good phone...all android phone naturally heats up a bit but a6000+ is not heating up as much as said to be by other user ..I m using it for 5 days...thanku flipkart & Lenovo :) :) :) :) 

 One of the worst phones, I have ever used. It started showing all sorts of problems that a Android phone has within 6 days of its use. 

 camera quality is better , looks very stylish,;
heavy games work very well'
 screen resolution also good and flipkart delivery is also faster , i love it  

 The phone is overall good considering the price but its charger is defective coming with the handset in my case. 

 I purchased a mobile phone LENOVO A6000Plus in may 15. But this phone has irratic touchscreen issue. When searched found that it is a common problem to this mobile. 

 Pros:  
Battery life 
Dolby speakerS 
Resolution 
Slim 
Amazingly priced.
Lolipop adds OTG.
In love with ram, procesor and gpu. 
Cons: 
camera 
touch  
U cant get better then this under 10k. In love with it.  
dont update if u want more from battery life. lollipop it too awesome in effects & UI eats lil more battery. 

 After using it almost 4 months, the mobile is showing disturbances. It is being powered off automatically several times in a day. 

 dont update to lolipop version my mobile is heating and saved name not display at dail screen, auto call record not working, and some more play store apps not working when it is updated to lolipop version it was not designed properly for lenovo i think so 

 good product not hanging wonderful experience superb battery life amazing quality display love lenovo.... 

 I had to wait for almost 3 weeks to get this phone in my hand. This is the first time Flipkart took such a long time.
Very sleek, perfect size to fit in your had, good resolution & nicely integrated with Google+ tools. Camera resolution is adequate. The only thing I am still struggling is to select & copy text - the way it is designed by Android.
The sound quality is good, but the volume does not increase beyond a point. So it becomes difficult to converse in a noisy place.
They should have provided a battery with a larger capacity. I have to charge it everyday without fail.
With the price that I paid, it is definitely value for money. 

 very reasonable phone with excellent backup and display with only 7500 rs ... my view go for it .. u wont repent .... 

 Good
Much-needed boost to internal storage and RAM
Excellent battery life
Good design
Excellent value for money
64-bit SoC 
Bad
Camera is still average
Still no toughened glass
Vibe 2.0 UI could be improved  

 Everything good in mobile except performance of mobile. 
Its a 2GB configuration mobile but applications are opening slowly even single app is not installed. 

 Phone is almost good, battery performance as well..
But camera isn't good enough to capture good ppi photos, the clarity isn't good enough, when captured pic is zoomed in.. it really shows small squares everywhere on the pic so that we can't even recognize the object...in normal mode.... but when used in night mode or else in dark, using flash light, pic quality is somehow good as compared to normal mode.... 
Else phone is good, there isn't any RAM Leakage issue neither heating since I used this phone continuously till 5-6 hours.. 
I guess we can't get every features in a single phone, so we can compro with few ones... I am happy with the phone as its a gift for me..... :) 

 i am waiting for this mobile for last one week but till today the mobile have not come i have given my email address to notisf me also so please let me know faster when will the mobile come. i am feeling sad when i watch the mobile and the titel comming soon is feeling me very bad ,so please come fast Lenovo A6000 Plus 

 the phone is light weight but gets heated up. no otg support. inbuilt apps loke dialer and messaging does not work properly after updates. 

 camera lovers plz dont buy dis...no quality...u wont get satisfy with camera...it looks lyk vga camera 

 good product , services were also good ... came way before it was told ...happy with the product 
earphones were not included 
usb wire was weak 

 I purchased this product in the month of april 2015. After a few months i started experiencing problems with the display. After I reboot the phone, it takes 3-4 hrs for the display to come. I went to the lenovo service center but they said it had a liquid damage and that nothing can be done to fix this problem. Also I am having severe battery issues. After a full charge it doesnot last even for a day. Don't purchase this product. Just a waste of money. 

 this one of the best phone in this price range. camera, processor speed, battery everything is excellent.  
But found one problem... many android developers can realize the problem. this phone has Music FX and Dolby for controlling sound equalizer but the the music fx don't start at any condition. as a dev I tried to turn it on so many times but Really I Failed to turn it at a working process. 
But buyer won't have problem for that, So Go for It...... 

 good phone at this price, display is little dull, camera is not good at night time....................................................................................................................................................... 

 The worst mobile I have ever Bought - Only One month Old and the set is not working properly.The mobile hanging all time even screen goes blank and not responding long time.
I think I have being cheated by Lenovo. 

 This is very good phone, it looks good, slim. front camera is better than rear camera in it. they are not including headphone in the package they must include it. 

 a nice mobile on every aspect
build quality is good and sleek and handles few drops as i am using this for over 6 months
ui is simple to use and not too complicated
nice battery but takes a bit of time to charge atleast 3 hours
space is good ram is great for a budget mobile good speed
camera is just good not great but every good thing has something bad
no heating issues and hangs so far
overall a good mobile 

 every thing is perfect 
1.camera
2.speakers
3.ui 
but very disappointed with the battery performance it takes time for charging but loses its capacity very soon ... 
other than this every thing is perfect..... 
sugggestable to a friend who doesnt play lots of games and not suggestable to travellers need to carry a backup (power bank) with them ... 

 1)PERFECT DOLBY SOUND
2)BEST SELFIE CAMERA
3)PERFECT SECONDRY CAMERA
4)BEST HD 16M COLOR DISPLAY
5)PERFECT RAM AND ROM
6)AFTER LOLLIPOP
I BOUGHT THIS MOBILE AND LANOVO PROVIDE ME A LENOVO'S 5.0.2 LOLLIPOP UPDATE, I'M UPDATE THE LOLLIPOP..
I DON'T BELIEVE THIS BECAUSE AFTER LOLLIPOP MOBILE ARE ALSO RUN SMOOTHLY. . . .
AFTER LOLLIPOP LENOVO A6000 PLUS LIKE THAT LENOVO K3 NOTE....I THINK IN THIS RANGE LENOVO A6000 PLUS IS SO GOOD SMARTPHONE. . . . .
I LOVE IT 

 Pros - 2 GB RAM , display is good, 
CONS- Battery life sucks its less that 12 hours stand by time. Lenove VIBE UI disappointed me on many fronts. Still cant move to lollipop. 

 after 2 months... it started to heat up ...automaticaaaly like a iron box....
very bad product from lenovo.... i purchased knowing it may be better then samsung o any phone... ..but result is here.... 

 Product is good for this Model. 
Light weight and water resistant, looks good to see. 
I received after one week with flipkart order. 

 Low Price with max features....
Very happy with this prduct...
High Battery Backup compared to all smartphones... 

 superb this product is good when compare to other rate wise good camera clarity good ram 2 gb is enough for speed 

 Almost using this cheap priced phone for almost 1 month // No issues //Trust me best buy for such a low cost ..
Good picture quality ,,with no hang issues // USing with Pre-installed version (kitkat )..Dont even will think for update to lollipop as lot issues with lollipop on almost all the mobiles.So want to stick with same version .. Playing hardcore games //good performance .. Just camera quality is not worth 8 mp .Compared with many mobiles at same cam quality but just the only thing i dont like is cam quality ..Battry back up also good ..Trust me if u r a selfie lover than dis is not the right phone for you but if you are hardcore user ..wants some good specifications with good performance for online apps //online games and hardcore gaming ..I would say this is the best buy ..Purchase accordingly. 

 it may be cheaper than other variant of this features group ,it shows lots of problem aer using 2-3 month ,then u will regret with d product.
cons
1.heating issue after playing media 1-2 hrs
2.camera automatic on with hang 
3.sometimes back key not working 
4.camera not functioning when data is on 
5.battery issue , changed 1 
6.sometimes hang during calling 
till now i have faced this problem 

 This is one of worst phone.
1. Firstly When my phone was on Kitkat 4.4, It does not support backup contacts from CM backup, after restoring contact from CM backup , my contacts are deleted on 2nd day of restoring.
2. The default launcher is one of horror looks. You must change it only when you are using on kitkat but if you upgrade your OS on Lolipop, you can change your launcher but when you restart your phone, Lenovo's default launcher is started first
3. In Lenovo Lolipop version most important problem is sync your contact for whatsapp or other app
4. Third party launcher is not work for data connectivity
5. Phone is not smooth and it arise hangging problem thougn phone has 2GB RAM and 16 GB ROM 
Finally I must say please dont buy this phone, this is waste your money and giving you a bad experience for android.   

 best phone best performance in this price
excellent display sound clarity super but this phone ihave aheating problem 

 I have purchased this product. I am very disappointed because the phone does not have earphone with it. The earphone is now a days essential in every phone. Even if you purchase any 1000 Rs. Phone it also have earphones. 
All other feature of phone is good. 

 Hello... Ibought this phone three months back. That time its looks like smart.Now it becomes worst. Don't buy this phone. very frequently it will automatically switched off. 

 Superb phone with this price range. Only con is that system's screen lock module is not good. Pin code system is a bit sluggish and screen slips out while putting pattern lock.
However, this can be easily overlooked by getting a third party lock app.
For the rest, 5 stars. 

 I have bought 3 mobiles in May ,Jun(2) These releases camera is awesome. But i purchased one more mobile in September in this release camera is worst compared to 2 MP also. Pictures getting Full Grains so picture quality is very worst. Its looks total grains in Picture. I have already returned and got New mobile but in this also Same Problem.. 
Dont know what hell is this.. 

 Product is very good but need to Improve on heating while talking more than 30 minutes and as well as while browsing. 

 I have been using this phone since 20 days and its battery backup is good.It is very light as compared with other phones of this size.Camera quality is good( rear as well as front).
The only issue is that though it has 2gb ram but it doesn't feel like so. 

 Product is good but few things are missed.
1) back button led indicator not available, it is hard to find dark place.
2) ear phone missing
3) performance is slow while dragging apps. 

 really good phone.
doesnt lag or stop with heavy applications, fast and smooth.
camera is great.
best phone in this segment.. 

 Product is Extraordinary Good Transportation, Reliable time & product. and the offer is very good very nice 

 camera quality is not good.
no loudspeaker in radio.
supports few headphones.
battery not yet tested.
display is not so good.  

 I've had to change my review to poor because this phone is the worst device that I have ever bought after a "knife sharpener". I bought this for my friend, and he had a lot of problem with this mobile phone: 
1. Audio is very bad and there are some disturbing hissing sound before and after he plays some music. He took the phone to local service center but they said, "Sir, you must not use memory card with this phone". 
2. The phone is not updating to Lollipop and every time we try to upgrade it shows error and stops immediately. He took it to service center and the people there asked him "Lollipop aa gaya kya iske liye?" means "Lollipop version has been released for this phone?" 
3. Every time he takes the device to service center they factory reset the phone which doesn't solves the problem. 
4. That Dolby thing is a joke. 
I will be writing about this to Lenovo as well. I don't recommend any Lenovo phone to anyone. Their service is worst. 

 I am using this phone for 2 months. I am not a gamer. But I use WiFi connection a lot. It's processor works smooth. Battery is decent. Display is crisp and vivid. Vibe UI is simple and best. I have used MiUI,but this one is more efficient and simple.
My verdict is that, who needs smart phone for working, go for it. You won't regret. 

 this product is very good at this price... but lenovo should improve their cameras... front cam is ok as it is 2mp but, 5mp rear produces so much noise on zoom... not totally satisfied with product ... :p 

 camera quality is poor 
low quality plastics back panel which can break easily
phone gets heater while playing or surfing net for long time 

 Good phone at this price....
Pros:
1. Good battery Life
2. Light Weight
3. Awesome storage
4. Camera is average
Cons:
1. Touch could have been better. Need to press exactly on the back button icon, else will not work.
2. Back panel material is not good...can be scratched if used without cover 

 Lenovo A6000 plus is value for money with loads of features than any other smart phone at this price. booommmm...... to my surprise, I have been using this phone since last 3 months and found no complain in performance. Most exclusive thing about this phone is that it has twin truly dolby surround sound speaker to give you real experience like theatre and people who are addicted to listen HD quality Digital sound and music...Just one word to describe is VOWW. you cannot this features even in higher version on Lenovo. 
Battery life is truly amazing. Once charged fully, its take more than 3-4 days to draindown dompletely.  
Truly light weight phone in its class at 5" HD quality screen.  
Company should provide compatible ear on headphone with this model. as one has to search out a lot for good compatible headphone... 
Thank you Lenovo and flipkart for this fantastic deal .  

 Nice Feature in This Price
Best performance
2 GB of ram
16 GB of internal storage
Dolby Digital Plus Sound 

 Awesome phone with feasible price. 2gb Ram 16 gb ROM and vibe 2.0 is good with phone. Sound quality is great. Better look and stylish. Battery backup is better. 

 After update the android version Kitkat to Lolypop there are several problems like no internet connection and no names is coming in call log list.This is the worst product of Lenovo. 

 This phone is a piece of scrap,don't go on specifications otherwise it is better than i phone5,camera quality is pathetic,software crashes very frequently. Its a scraptotal waste of money,cant return as one month has passed. 

 worst camera Rear and front both... the one who want to for capture pic don't buy it. Even it have 8 mp but it not give photo clarity at all. 

 Configuration wise Value for Money. However, There are few issues at least with the Piece that I Got.I tried two ear phone and two headphones.None of them is the Right fit for Lenovo A6000.The same is the right fit for other mobiles. 
Call Disconnections are too Frequent. 
The looks are Killing and Tempting which is why I ordered for another piece assuming the issue is only with my Piece. 
Phone is very good when no App is installed. If applications started installing on the mobile, The performance goes degraded. 
Tried two times software Reset and one time Hardware Reset. All my comments are after deliberated analysis. However, this observations are applicable only to my piece and assuming other pieces would work better. 

 the mobile which i got 2 months back Lenovo A6000 PLus is now facing software issue.
cannot access the gallery, unable to run any application.
unable to save data.
where should i service this or whom to contact in lenovo. 

 good phone from Lenovo with lower price, display and touch screen is superb.
flipkart delivered this phone within 3 days. 

 First of all, Thankful to the flipkart delivery, as one day delivery happened.
Coming to the product,
Pros:
 +Battery(avg)
 + Screen (Good Enough)
 + Camera( nice at this price)
 + Comes with screen guard
Cons:
 - No headphones
 - Sound is low output
 What else can you expect from a 7500/- mobile that too from Lenovo? 

 In terms of gaming, which I play oftently rather taking selfies , This phone is awesome . 2GB RAM is really necessary for me as I am bit Game-o-holic...I dnt shoot pic many but I dnot know why bubbles of rainbow color while I am taking ny picture in case of sufficient light..
Except Camera , Phone is good.
Bad Life is OK while not surfing net.
2 out 10 times phone becomes hot :P 

 Very good phone at this price. Just that the onscreen buttons are not back-lit. This makes it hard to find these buttons even in bright light. Otherwise no complaints. 

 Recently bought this phone. Delivery delayed by one day. 
Due to delay the pay me my 90rs back n additional 180rs given to my wallet. 
Look: Very Stylish, 
Weight:Very less weight.
Most of the applications are preinstalled.
Camera quality is good both front n rear.
Till now no heating issues.
After receiving charged 100% with out any use after 3 days battery drop down to 73%. 
So no battery drain issues. after regular use also wifi n games not found any issues.
Bcz of 2GB Ram applications are running faster. Didn't face any hanging issues till now. 
Even though i'm using iphone 5C, didn't find any difference btwn these tow phones.
Liked so much. 
One problem i'm facing some application are installing automatically when wifi connected.
How can i prevent it. Can anybody suggest... 
Overall Phone is very good @ 7500. Otherwise you need to spent more than 20k. 
Thanks
Chandu  

 ordered black colour and received GRAY.. :/
Cons:
camera not up to the mark
FM not good
the back cover is made of cheap plastic, it opens without effort..!! 
PROS:
nice display
no heating problem till now
smooth, no hang
overall look is gud. 

 i purchased this 3 months back. it is very nice, low price 2gm ram 16 gb rom very good model
i suggest this 

 Very good product. I bought this for my sister for regular use . This is one of the best mobile in mid low range costs without compromising in quality. 

 Call volume Very very low even wecan't speak in out side & after 3 weeks mobile automatically switchoff some times and now totally switched off   

 GOOOOOD PRODUCT with GOOOOOD look in amazing price..Lenovo has got in market with GOOOOOD PRODUCT. the phone is fast than compared to my previous one(other company) 

 I have been using this mobile from last 1month and I observed that the battery drains very quickly. 
Yesterday I at 9pm my battery charge was 100% and I turned OFF my mobile data and killed all the background applications and in the morning it is showing me battery percentage as 30% 

 Purchased on 26/08/2015 nice phone but little cons;- phone over heating while using internet 2g/3g,wifi, while using headset profile volumes getting changes automatically..... 

 I am already using LenovoA6000 from last 6 months and it works amazing. So, I ordered this upgraded version LenovoA6000 Plus for my family, which is really fast then the previous version. Awesome Product by lenovo in just 7500. Secondly, it has just delivered in 2 days, I must say flipkart has very good retailer and logistics. I recommend this product to everyone under this price range. 

 I am using this mobile from 3 months and I am not at all feeling anything negative about this phone. camera , flashlight is awsm. never seen before. battery is also good. 

 I think buying a mobile from lenovo is like hit and trial method....
not satisfied with it.using the phone for 14 days was good after connecting 4G sim its started showing off some big problems like hanging, heating issue, unresponsive touch for particular selection of sim slot for using the Net..
Informed flipkart yesterday they have taken my complaint and still not received any customer support call also service provided by lenovo is worst.So think 100 times before you go for lenovo..specially if you are a budget going person.
All total bad experience games like subway surfer on a qualcom snapdragon 410 processor hangged up.wow!!what a service 

 Earlier i was using Galaxy Core after that Redmi-1s but i find lenovo A 600 plus better in this price range weight is less, Net speed #3G superb,battery back 12 hour heavy use, Camera rear good.
Front camera ok not upto mark, If u r music lover its sound quality fantastic 
in this range for me its very gud device otherwise Jiski Jaisee Soch 

 Performance is good but frequently getting switched off frequently.
In 4G network this phone performance is great. 

 I advertise these product to our office & forced them to purchase this product. So my friends obey my request & purchased that product & feeling so happy.... 

 I have taken this phone around 3 months back, and it a total VFM. I am totally satisfied by its performance. 

 i wrote this product after the use of 3 weeks. the product is very nice  
advantages:
1.battery backup is nice 
2. display is excellent 
3. no hanging at all 
4 nice look  
disadvantage:
software is not up to the mark but hope so lenovo is going to release new upgrade of software. 

 i use this mobile for month n when i go outside in morning then i see to click pictures in morning but realize that no view like morning its view like evening very dark pic quality so please if u want to buy this mobile first compare camera results thanks otherwise you need any other features like social work its best..... 

 I got the phone,within 2 days of order,flipkart means Genuine.About the cell,slim and weightless seems good.Let me use for smts,then i'll write a review.  

 I bought this phone 2 months back.. Even Iron box produces less heat.. I cant even talk using this phone for more than 2 minutes, My ear became Burnt, now i'm consulting a skin specialist and spent double the phone cost. 

 The product is really good and I didn't really expect the performance of Lenovo smartphones.Awesome and value for money 

 + Apps "force to install SD Card" feature is so helpful for the smooth functioning and save memory onboard .
Audio: Dolby is superb and speakers are so good.
- Hard keys have no backlight.
 No headphone with package.
 Flipkart communication is so responsive and helpful. 

 Happy with this product ,due to committed delivery and nice product @cheaper price.
After use also ,feeling good due to brand it is carrying. 

 According to the price, phone is ok. 
No OTG support. Touch is also not smooth. If you need smart phone in cheaper price you can go ahead for this. 
Kitkat OS not liked much, Waiting for lollipop upgrade. Hope Lenovo will provide us. 
Other wise phone is good. Graphics and performance is good as it is having 2GB ram. 

 Worthy Mobile for the Price after long analysis i gone for this product and i am happy that i took right product.Great features, i prefer go for black the red is not as efficient as black. 
Thanks LENOVO Thanks FLIPKART. 

 Pros
5inch HD display gives a good clarity
smooth processing with 2GB RAM and 16GB ROM and UI is also superb
No Hanging issues at all like Samsung android mobiles
Twin speakers with Dolby gives a superb sound effect 
Cons
Over heating while charging,speaking a call or playing any games we cant hold in our hand and when we keep this mobile in our pocket suddenly it is getting more heat and we cant keep that in our phant shirt pocket also
It taking more then 3 hours to get full charge and draining full battery with in a hour
Camera clarity is very poorif you are a selfie lover please dont buy this mobile
over all i will give 2.5/5 

 It is best Phone with this Price and 2 GB RAM gives High Speed internet browsing. Delivery and Package by Flipkart is good. I satisfied....... By Mondal Sir 

 Flipcart packaging and delivery is excellent. It's a very nice product from Lenovo. Strongly recommending the product if your budget is within 8000. 

 This phone is very nice, slim, good look, light weight, 4G enabled. Where as missing features are gorilla glass is not there, low picture quality of secondary camera (Primary camera has good quality) and secondary sim slot is not supporting 4G/3G it has only 2G. Overall a good phone, value for money. 

 Model number and name of the A6000plus and 6000 are same in the product i got.
From some website i see that it can get Lolipop update but my phone has not update.
How ever RAM and ROM are upgraded in the phone. So disappointed that it cannot get lolipop update. 
Looks - Good
Performance - Good
Camera - Poor, my 5MP camera was better than this.  

 I have purchased it via flip kart @ 7499/ one week back. Awsome phone with great feature. here is some details abt the phone:: 
Pros::
1. HD Display..cool body
2. Camera quality is more than avg.
3. slim and vry light weight
4. 2 GB ram and 16 GB ROM...best buy with in this price range
5. Processer is good and multi tasking is vry smooth.
6. Best battery life ever(I ve used samsung S2,S Adv,moto g) 
Cons:: 
1. UI is below avg..
2. Touch Screen not responsive vry offen
3. inserting micro sim is a headache.
4. No Headphone with the box and a free screen gaurd is of vry low quality.(best to buy a glass screen guard).
5. not such grt Pre loaded apps (which can be uninstalled to free ram) 
Overall, I recommend the phone as the major functionality is in pros. 
Cheers 

 I gifted to my spouse. Am happy with this product but 2 things I didn't liked it
1. Camera quality is not good. It will be worse if you zoom it.
2. After phone update, all contacts has been vanished, it is almost factory reset. 
But anyhow, it is good for homely purpose 

 I bought this A6000plus WITH MY FRIENDS REFERENCE .ALL ARE SATISFIED WITH IT. But What i got is Tottaly irriteted me. 
1.High Temperature even charging are keeping Idle, 
2.After 100% charge , Battery Drained out even its used are in Aeroplane mode within 4 hours.
3 In the first day .I have Configured the phone with Gmail, Whats app, Skype, Twitter - But due to continusoly automatic Swith off & restart Issue I am unable to reset the phone & datas. 3rd day i asked for replacment/Return and they Flipkart agreed for the same. But I am Unable to take back my datas. 
Still hope Only some Phones will create problem. Lets see the Next phone again Same model I ordered. 
Lots of reviews are Are same complaints - Lenovo should look into this subject seriusly and to resolve it, otherwise Lenovo will loss Its Image.... 

 phone and chargar is phone box 
y missad u my earphone and KolorEdge Flip Cover for Lenovo A6000 Plus 
plz send my earphone and filp cover plz sir 

 best in this price as per the price the specs are the best in class . but rear cam should be 13 mp . but still 8mp does its work .
2 GB ram great for multi tasking. 

 Lenovo A6000 Plus is realy awsm mobile....
Both Cameras are too Good....
2 GB RAM Helps u for smooth experience and speed up ur mobile...
Internal Memory of 16 GB For Store ur Data....
And Specially the Look of this handset is very Rich... 
I RECOMMENDED THIS MOBILE TO EVERYONE ....  

 A nice value for money phone... dont expect it to b a superstar... but considering its price it actually is a star....
working absolutely fine...since last 3 mnths....no major complains... it stops detecting the second sim every few days but i think that has nothing to do with the piece but my faulty simcard itself...will check it...
at this price range i feel this is one of the best phones... 

 no video call facility in the phone. all other things are good. Could you please tell me how to make video call in this phone. 

 Recently bought the phone.Every feature is as good as expected.camera is ok and sound quality is good.RAM 2 GB and internal memory is 16 GB which is a great advantage in this mobile as compared to lenevo a 6000.Hope it will not hang like samsung s duos 2. 

 The mid of the touch screen stops functioning after using it for two months n back button is also not working...service center sucks... Lenovo does not do proper R&D before launching the product... 

 Phone camera is good. Excellent sound quality. Screen touch is good. Sleek design. 
Delicate phone must need good cover. Comes with screen guard, thats good. Headphones not available in the box.
Overall good phone. 

 Hi Friends,
I bought this mobile one month ago, within 25 days these phone having Heat problem and not only this entire lenovo phones and i went service centre there lot of people came heat and app problem. 

 Goods : -performance , battery (can compete with asus zenfone2 ),new update .
bad : -new update bugs , camera(not bad but yehh), 
ugly : -sometimes the touch stops responding and sometimes app crash may be due to new update 

 I ve been using the above model for six months. Again purchased one more today as It is an excellent mobile for the price range. Nothing to complain. However, I feel switching off the calls after talk would have been made much easier. Clearing RAM should me made at one touch. 

 I purchased Lenovo A6000+ and in that also there is same problem like Micromax Canvas Xpress 2. Problem is If you are on a Facebook Call and want to switch to whatsapp during FB call the Data Connection gets lost and calls shows reconnecting means we cant switch to multiple applications bug in setting "Sleep after ...mins also", too much heating soon...battery backup not at all satisfactory, phone getting too much heat...And when i contacted Lenovo Customer Care for this they Say that IF THE PHONE DOESNOT SUPPORT THIRDPARTY SOFTWARE WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE this is what Lenovo Customer Care is....Flipkart helped me alot last time by providing me Refund for Canvas Xpress 2 and i am very thankful to Flipkart but Plz be aware of Lenovo!!!!!! 

 A gift to Dad. Battery backup is good. Red handset looks nice. Camera and sound quality are nice. Wifi and 3g catchers are good. 

 Guys, my review is not for quality of the phone, I'll say that all features are great but back panel cover is a little bit of low quality and should be provided earphones for phone.
and now for those, who are facing problems in lollipop version of contact not showing in whatsapp and others, follow me. After updating to lollipop just make a backup of all your personal data and then 'Reset Your Phone', then you will be able to see the contacts in whatsapp and there will be no issue with lollipop.
Enjoy with your Lenovo. 

 This product is over all very fast and good looking for any 5inch display model..
Pros: 
1. Awsm 3d gaming performance... I play asphalt 8 without any lag...
2. Multiple programs can run smooth without any problem due to its RAM.. 2GB monstraous...
3. Awsm 3d surround sound..
4. Look is the thing all my frnds are saying just aws...
5. Price is affordable..
6. Secondary camera is too good for a 2mp cam..
7. Batt backup is mind bogling.. You can easily see 12hrs of movie.. 4hrs of high graphics game.. 3hrs of online games(i play CoC and Dragon City).. music player draws 2-4% charge/hrs...
Cons:
1. VIBE UI 2.0 is extermely Bad, Upgrade it and enjoy..
2. Primary camera is nowhere near an 8 mp camera..
3. Takes too much time to charge.. 3000mah batt takes less time than its 2300mah battery...
4. No strong Glass protection... Simple protection, Risk of accidental damage.. 
But i will say that the cons are no where near the pros... I suggest this model.... 

 phone is looking good but its getting hot while talking & gaming , even phone getting hand frequently , automatically get switch off then need to start by removing battery & inserting battery. 

 With 2 GB ram, gaming is not that much issue in this mobile set. 
Display is fine but camera is not that up to the level.
Battery backup is good, but it will take bit extra time to charge.
Sound quality is good.
One thing find very poor is that, the strength of the display glass is not at all good. many of my college and frnds having this phone and everyone facing the same issue. with a very minor incidents the display section may get damage. 
Atlast, with in this price range this is a very nice product with Lenovo brand tag. 

 i bought this phone to gift my cousin, and it's worth it...... she's very happy.......
and I checked all online phone, i select lenovo a6000 for her,,, it's very unique and good for gaming..... overall i gave 5 out 5 star for it's perfomance.... 
best phone in this price.... 

 battery will drain infront of your eyes and everything is good but not for heavy gamers because framework is missing. vibe UI has to improve more because minute lags are there 

 Mobile is almost good.
But there is a some heating problem
Touch screen don't work properly
Touch screen changed through Touch care center.
Now New problem started I can't access internet. When I access it gets switch off. Still Mobile in Touch Care Center.
Waiting for Mobile. 
What is next
I bought A6000 is still in good condition but A6000Plus there is lots of mobile at with same problem at service center 

 Using this device since last 5 months and I am have no problem till now.
Very nice phone at this price with good specifications. 

 Have been using this phone for over a month now.. Excellent battery backup, good display and sound clarity. The battery lasts for more than two days on average usage, with regular internet and occasional games. No heating issue as mentioned in other reviews, but dint try using microSD memory card. 

 The delivery time was good. The product is also easy to handle and worth the price tag. However the camera is not that great and whatever you do with the settings, images are always blurred. If you want to take even casual photos do not buy. Battery life is okay. 

 I brought this phone on June 2 flash sale. The phone was just awesome for 3 weeks. Later battery draining started. Phone was going dead with in 5-6 hrs even if sitting idle. Then i gave phone to service center, they confirmed that the issue is with motherboard. So replaced the motherboard. Now it is working awesome..battery lasts for 1.5 days with intermediate usage of data. 

 I am writing this review after using the phone for 1 and a half months and I must tell you I've also used Asus Zenfone 5, here is what I think about this phone!
==============
**Camera
8 MP Front:6.5/10
2 MP Rear:7.5/10
==============
**OS
Kitkat (Lollipop about to come)
===============
**Ram= 2GB
1.2 gHz processor (Fast!)
============
**Rom(Internal)=16GB(We get roughly around 10.5 GB)
============
**Speaker= Dolby
Sounds pretty decent
=============
**Build: Good.
=============
**laging problem: No
**heating problem: Little bit(can expect it, count it normal)
=============
Rest specifications are already advertised by lenovo..
in a simple layman's language forget about antutu score negative comments by so called user-cum-expert reviewer
thinking as a user
buy it blind foldedly
over-all 8/10
I've used it personally! 

 Had got a faulty product at first place, sim card slots were not functional, but after raising it to flipkart they replaced the phone within 3 days. Great work flipkart & team 

 Good mobile at this price. But for the problem of wattsup contacts Sync after update..................................................................................... 

 Overall the phone is great. 
Cons:
Memory card slot doesn't work
Contact manager takes atleast 3 minutes to load, so it affects when I want to msg on whatsapp. 
SMS takes way too long to load.
Can't search for a contact to call in emergency. We've to wait till it says that 'Contact manager has stopped working.' 

 This mobile I bought it from Flipkart & it was working fine till I updated to the latest Lollipop. After that my life became miserable. I could not see the contacts are having Whatsapp, Viber etc, which was showing before. Also, when I open whatsapp, it does not show the names. Only numbers visible. So, do not update, the previous version was good. Also, after upgading to Lollipop, I found less RAM only available. So, Lollipop is totally waste & Crap. 

 nice product. cost to worth . got the price of rs 6300(including cash back)
for this cost its ok. browsing speed and screen clarity is not bad 

 grt phone value for money would recommend it to others. nice to hold bid screen and good resolution 

 best budget phone under 7.5k.. cool display but not gorilla:-)
slightly heats while playing games..
good sound quality..
but worth for the price :) 

 i am using this phone for a while,this phone is okay type... nothing extraordinary to write about! but yes i found this phone really handy as i dropped this phone couple of time but nothing that happened ,may be i am lucky though! lenevo is now releasing the lolipop update so that is cool! and lastly the phone looks really classy! :) overall i am satisfied! 

 I got this phone for my dad & it's good for him.
No lags. Battery life is good. It gets regular software updates. Recommended. 

 its ok for its price.i used it for a week. Its slim enough. display is ok
games not tried enough. But slight heating is there with normal games.
Battery 12- 14 hours with normal usage (whats app, net, video clips, light games)
camera is just ok, not best of videos or photos.
Not tried 4G, will update later 

 Thanks to flipkart for delivering early. 
Its a good budget phone. Comes with KitKat later upgradeable to lollipop.
Phone gets heated up on a conversation of 10 mints itself. 
Rest all is good and worth buying. 

 The product reached me within 2 days of delivery in Kochi, kerala which was good. But when i put the phone for charging for the first time i came to know that the charging is very slow.When i used the phone for few minutes it becomes relly hot and so i switched it off. Again after few minutes i switched on the mobile and felt the same. So i am now returning the product. Waiting for replacement with a gud one. 

 Awesome for beginners. high speed.sleek design. superb clarity.i suggest to buy this one.
reasonable at this price. 

 I am buying products online regularly and I found WS Retail is the best dealer . They are prompt and best to deal with 

 This one product I brought from flipkart, really horrible. I asked for replacement many time but some how flipkart rejected it giving some reasons and software checks. 
Problems faced and still facing are:
Battery Heating: at 34 degree Phone feels like some body cooked in the Owen even not able to hold the phone for a while near my ear.
Buggy Lollipop Update: So many problem on the OTA update provided by Lenovo.
Automatic Restart
Poor Camera
Battery now draining of in half day and takes 3 hours of charge time 

 THERE THE BATERRY PROBLEM OF 2300MH IT COULD MORE IN 6000PLUS SO KIINDLY THE PRODUCTION OF THE BATTERY MH SHOUD BE MORE 

 nice phone. sound, display, front camera, inbuilt storage, are best.
glass, UI are not so good but value for money. 
currently I am facing only one issue if I load audio and video songs (4-5 gb on SD card) VLC player get hanged, also even if renaming songs, searching goes slow. once I free memory it work smooth. 

 My Criteria was branded smarphone with 2GB RAM and Price Range in between 5-10K
Asus and Lenovo A6000 plus are shorlisted and finally setteled on lenovo.
Product was received before time in good condition. Very good service from Flipkart.
Ph. and features Sound, Display, handelling are good. 
I believe this is the best product available in market with above criteria. 
-ve : Earphones are not included in box. 

 I had purchased Lenovo A6000 Plus mobile from Flipkart. Flipkart delivery was prompt. 
And on the product, it was working fine till I had upgrade the Lollipop OS patch from Lenovo. post that the contacts in WhatsApp and dailer were not functioning properly. Stored names were not displaying in dailer and in WhatsApp, there was no contacts. 
Lenovo advised for a factory reset after data backup. 
Nonetheless, the product is worth the money. 

 Phone gets switched off automatically and I need to remove and insert the battery then switched it ON 

 osm price good cellphone but heating problem sometime when charging....
overall 4.5/5 

 Superb product at this price,best in range.
Runs all heavy games very smoothly,does not lag or hang
Would highly recommend it 

 THE BEST PHONE IN RS.7500/- RANGE 5 STAR 
5 MP / 2 MP / 2G / 16 GB/ 5 INCH
NOTING ELSE WILL DO
JUST DO IT GRAB IT GO FOR IT
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
USING FROM 15 AUG 2015 

 It was good untill it was 4.4.4. once you upgrade to Lollipop it gets to some problems. Be aware !!! 

 One month is over since I bought this product. 
One major I raise with flipkart is why all the wrappers are printed with Lenova A6000 but I have bought Lenova A6000 Plus ? I asked they say it's printing mistake, open and look at the phone if it has 2 GB of RAM then I should confirm that it's A6000 Plus. But I am really unsure why like so ? 
 Phone looks stylish
 Spec is good
 I bought a white color since there was no Black but while is getting dull color now 
(_)
I'm not at all happy with the battery backup.
Flipkart is giving many reasons but there is no solution.
Heating problem is there and they if the mobile is getting heated up till 48% then it's not a manufacturing defect. But why the mobile is getting heated even when playing game for 15 minutes ?
Music clarity is not that much good to hear
The rear end camera is not very good in clarify 
Overall the mobile is fine. 

 camera quality is not good other whys is good it's not 8 megapixel camera it is like 1 megapixel camra 

 Good phone 
it has heating issue while charging
if you have more budget then go for Lenovo A7000 
lenovo A700 don't have heating issue 

 Good . Value For Money..Shipping Was also Fast. Followed By Good packing. Makes Mobile Good And Secure. 

 if u are a music lover...dis phone is made for u!!!
camera could have been a little better..
but rest is all good...go for this phone... 

 Lenovo A6000 Plus is very good mobile. I recommend all to purchase this mobile. Battery backup is too good. Display also good. Camara is very perfect. 

 after 2 weeks there is lollipop upgrdation comes .i upgraded it but results comes very bad .there are a no. of errors comes in my phone for example -play services error ,contacts not showing in whatsapp nd in call log.Now all thes problems are fixed by me,nd phone is working properly bt i think upgradation is not good for this set . 

 pros: 
 1) decent camera both front and back
 2) good battery life last for one day
 3) good dolby dual speaker
 4) comfort handling
cons:
 1) not supporting OTG
 2) no gorilla glass 
 its a Bang for the Buck.... 

 The phone is best in class. In 7.5k nothing could be better then this.
Good Battery back up, sleek and handy.
Awesome sound quality. 

 I received it next day .Flipkart delivery is very fast .Phone is very good .it is very sleek and light weight. Touch is very good.
Nice phone in small budget. 

 Recently I use this module lenovo a6000 plus phone, superb phone, good speed & keeped touch screen very smooth, HD clarity is very good.......... 

 i think this is the grate phone for use 
but some times getting problem with that 
like volume issue normaly.....
sub total is batter for use 

 Lenovo A6000 Plus is very osm phone in affordable price...its camera is 8 MP only as compaired to samsung nd sony..but picture quality is fine.
speed is good withRAM 2GB.
calling sound is low.
i got this phone worth 6999/- only 

 The Phone is awesome in all measurable parameters as compared to other phones be it Sound,Gaming,Performance,looks and features. Sleek and Stylish Product from lenovo. 

 Bought the phone in 6500 as 10% cash back from flipkart and the product is very good only two issue 
1. camera quality is not good
2.battery life is also not well. 

 awesome mobile with 2 GB RAM 
very good mobile, Look and size is very good and also very good configuration in this money range. 
You can go ahead and buy this mobile 

 Using this phone since three months now, good performance.
Battery backup is average.
Charging time is quite high(Around 3 hrs from 10% to 100%)
Sometimes, once in a week or so, switches off automatically.
UI is not good.
Got lollipop 5.0.2 update.
Rear camera performance is below average. Grainy images.
Front Camera is good.
Call clarity is good.
Expected usage lifetime 1-1.5 years.
Comparing lenovo a6000 plus and redmi 2 prime. I will go for redmi 2 prime. 

 I recommend this phone if you are willing to buy.
Great battery backup
Good performance
Light weight
Nice camera both fron and back 
Some minor issues
Heat up problem if you use anthore charger different from lenevo.
Slow charging. 

 Many thing is very good in this phone.
After upgraded to android 5.0.2, its being problematic for some type of features and also for some apps.
Some apps are not running properly. 

 Worth of its Price. Received the device in good condition. One Update done. Stable. Excellent battery. Camera is some what sub standard. 

 Product quality is verry good. each & every item looking verry nice like.. sound, camera, speed...moile is verry fast   

 look wise good. camara pic quallty good. more feature available compare to other mob.but battery backup is low. 
one new lenovo mob is comes in market better than this.its chipper than this. 

 primary cam is good but when we zoom the photo it was not clarity and coming to secondary cam when day time the photo clarity is good compare to ni8 times 
ram is 2gb so we can able to play high efficient graphic games like MORTAL COMBACT, ASPHALT 8 
hear they give 16gb internal space which is alright to use 
coming to Shape model size of the phone is good at hands compare to black white colour looks sexy but white dents easily so use carefully.......so i'm comfortable about this phone 

 Hello  
do not take risk to buy there was problem with the contact manager the customer care executive pass the time of free replacement after ward they share that it is not replacable 

 First mobile bought from Lenovo Tagline. Quiet Good and Excellent features compared to the mobiles available at this range. satisfied with features and comes with preinstalled apps Strongly recommend this phone for those plan to buy in 7000-8000/- range.. 

 fm not working 
Battery not charging
gets heated within 15mins voice call.
Back camera is not worth for 8MP 

 it is really superb phone, i recommended it to my most of frends and family member. it is really a paisa wasool phone. :) 

 A6000 only is mentioned. By looking pin no, we can ensure about A6000 Plus. 
Headset is not delivered.
Mobile is nice to use. Good clarity and looking nice.  

 phone is good for this price. the camera clarity is good. i was using this mobile for Past 1 month.
HD Display is good. one sim has only 2G and other has 3G/4G. 
it dosnt have notification light, and phone getting some what heat... 

 i bought tis phone for my grandma and it is easy to use and access for her.... 
nice sound....
decent camera.....
light weight..... 
ovrall very user friendly.... 

 Best phone under this price. No issues at all. 
Good camera quality and performance is also good. 
Good performance even when in heavy use. Battery lasts whole day with wifi. 

 At First smoothness of the phone is great.
Display is very good.
Camera Quality also very good.
Battery Life - 9 out of 10 
Its a very good deal in price range 7500 range.
 So Guys Go for it... :-) 

 its a nice mobile with 2gb ram but this mob does not come with earphone :-(, other than that is a very nice mob 

 im got this mob from very soon but the mob was not good to use because it has 2gb of ram but its still have a hanging problem when compared to lenovo a6000 this mob was very very bad so dont buy this one in other hands please try a7000 or k3 note... 

 64bit Quad-core processor, 2GB RAM, 16 GB ROM, 5.00-inch 720x1280 display, 8MP rear camera & 4G compatible makes it the best mobile in the price range today. 

 Camera Video and Still Photos are fine quality, It has dual speakers therefore sound quality is very good and it high sound in Ringtones.... No heating problems battery is ready to serve more than 12 hrs of normal use... overall its an excellent one in the category no substitute at all... If v want to say anything -ve abt lenovo phones it is the lack of Gorilla Glass but it is also a boon bcoz phone becomes much light weight... 

 AFTER UPGRADE IN LOLYPOP . THE PHONE WORK NOT PROPERLY.. i.e. MOBILE TOUCH PROBLEM , NET CONNECTIVTY PROBLEM 

 Thanks to flipkart for the prompt delivery. 
nice product and good packing 
Looks decent
Light Weight.
Display is good, It comes along with screen guard.But no earphones  

 with in month its music player got unplayable
mobile gets hang most of the time
its service center are horrible. no proper service provided.
switch on button is not working fine. 

 nice smartphone. 
ADVANTAGES : 
(1) 2 GB of ram(DDR-3) for better multitasking(Which is very good)
(2) 16 GB of internal storage(11.53 GB of usable storage,Which is ample)
(3) A free screen guard is provided by Lenovo (Out of the box)
(4) Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic(Also known as secondary noise cancellation) & Works well in crowded areas.
(5) Dolby Digital Plus Sound(Stereo or Dual Speakers). In fact it is a delight for (Expand). 

 Warning: "Do not get honey trapped becoz of Price & the Specifications this device is offering. Beware buyers."
Bought it in June 2015 and was quite happy with it. I mean Look at the specifications/features you are geting at this amazing price(7.5k). I was so satisfied with A6000 + that i recommended it to two other folks & made them buy it. But then 2 months down the line my so called "Smartphone" started behaving really smart & crazy!!!  
Problem: "Touchscreen", Camera auto stop, Pics captured started coming out grainy(even in bright day light)
It started acting on behalf of me automatically & i thought for a moment 'might be a simple glitch, will go with software update".. But no, the problem became too adamant. So had to visit the service center and to my utter surprise many of the owners of these precious piece of shoddy devices(brand China once again proving the general notion right) were there to give me company. Unfortunately they all had the same complaint as mine. (Btw i ve avoided some exceptions of battery draining & heating Complaints)
 Any way i have been sentenced a super quick 15 days of speculated separation time from my device as thats the minimum time this third party Official lenovo service center asked me for to resolve this uninvited psychic behaviour of my beloved precious shoddy Chinese smartphone...  

 I loved it....not much to tell you guys..just wanna say..it fulfilled all my needs. simply superb phone. 

 Best smart phone within the budget of 10k, with 16GB ROM and 2GB RAM.What else we need ? Satisfied with the purchase. 

 i bought it for my sister and truly speaking there is no issue till now. I had been using it so hard and rough but i gave me all satisfaction. no batery issue neither any hanging problems. but yes its not made for very high graphics games but u can play it at medium settings 

 First of all thanks to flipkart for quick service.
I got this device few days back.
Pros:
-Slim and light weight.
-Very good display quality.
-Good call quality and awesome Dobly sound.
-Best gaming experience ( I've played Asphalt 8 with high graphics and it works fine)
-Average camera quality ( can't compare it with highend mobiles!!)
-Good battery backup. 
I've updated it to lollipop via OTA update and it works fine.
Steps I followed to update:
-factory reset before update (this seems not required but as we are moving from 32 bit OS to 64 bit OS, It would be good if we remove all our data and app which might fail after update)
-downloaded update and installed it.
-after update again factory reset device. ( this would solve playstore problem) 
I haven't faced any issue after update. Look and feel and performance is awesome!!  

 1.Not audible proper in calls
2. Process is bit slow
3. Phone is over heated.(just 10min speak in call)
4.Battery charge is taking too much time
5.Separate flip cover given, but it was damaged in parcel itself. 

 Phone performance is quiet good and no complain, but touch is not so smooth, it is because i am using NEXUS - 4 :P 
Overall Great product 

 Very cheap & avrage phone. lenovo not give us ear phone that cost is 500/- extra. mens total price of this phone 7500 500= 8000/- camra quality is very bad.Touch is problametic & also some time hanging. Chiness company is only fouces cheap price but they dont know quality & coustmer saisfaciton olso required for sucess in business. 
so, never buy any lenovo product. you should buy samsung, htc micromax or motorola. 

 Hi am srikanth Lenovo a6000 plus mobile is good some time hanging and games are not supported mobile.video are struked 

 Hi , 
This mobile is very nice Special feature is 2GB ram,.Good quality dual sound, video and camara.True celler application , and best thing is mobile available at very attractive price. 

 good phone ,as i said have battery charging issues,battery does not charge quickly,One have to wait for long time. 

 The phone switches off automatically without any warnings. This happens multiple times. Lenevo has no solution for this!! 

 EXCELLENT PRODUCT
 Thanks to flipkart once again for speedy delivery and at best price 
slim piece and excellent features 
vijayganesh 

 Nice product with very good futures. I have been using it from last 3 months, no problem faced yet. Its a king in low budget segment 

 i'm using this phone from last 2 months.Till now the performance of the is superb.If you loooking for a phone for performance then it is good phone. Battery is enough for the day if you charge it full. All other specification is good with dolby digital sound,16 gb memory...........but 4G/3G is on sim1 only 2nd sim is only 2g and take charging time to 100% is around 2 hours or more. 

 Phone is good. It comes with great built in apps.I do not find any problems for any common customer.
If you are planning to Buy good phone go for it, if you want a Great phone go for Lenovo K3 note. 

 But i m not happy with its camera...otherwise phone is good.
as a gaming purpose and vd that time phone is pretty good... 

 its cheap and best mobile which has all required features ,camera clarity is awesome charging is moderate as all smart phones.But touch screen is not up to the mark rest all the phone is good to have it. 

 Operating system is not working properly. command automatically taken by the phone without any touch.My expectation was high with this phone. now requested for replacement. hope replaced phone will be best as I expected. 

 i am writing this after using it for more than a month.
absolute crap
battery issue,heating problem
more than that poor customer service 
don,t buy any phone of lenovo...there is heating problem in all 

 I purchage that phone on 29th aug and get that product on 3 sep. Overall the phone is good but the camara not so much good like Xiome redmi 1s/2s/2s prime. It can't take macroo shot. Also it can take 720p video where redmi 1s can take 1080p video. But the phone is very light in weight. Display qulity is good but it doesn't comes with gorilla glass. 2MP front facing camera is good. There is no backlight in the capacitive tuch buttom, no LED indicator. But DOLBY sound is realy works in this phone if you use a hedphone. The battry backup is avarage. But in this price it is agood one............ 

 excellent phone in this price, camera 10/10, battery 10/10, ram 10/10, OTG not supported, otherwise great phone. 

 i got this unit yesterday and updated to Andriod 5.01..
Overall i would like to rate this product 8.5/10  
Rocking in multitasking
Decent camera
Good built quality and easy fit in hands. 

 This cell is very good..here are some pros and cons 
PROS:
1-sound quality is amazing.Its loud n very clear.
2-touch is gud 
3-i personally liked the ui of this cell.
4-lenovo actually gave an lollypop update for this phone.
5-rear camera is gud.
6-battery backup is awesome. 
cons:
1-front camera is bad.
2-sometimes its bit laggy.But the lollypop update has removed the laggyness.
3-very less free ram.i get nearly 900 mb only that too in medium use.
4-there is some network problem in this cell...it doesnt shows any bars even if its in network zone..but i think it will be fixed soon. 
overall its an awesome phone at awesome price...need lil bit of fixes..bt overall its gud.
4- 

 this phone gives me very good response, lil disappointment with camera....
performance is considered to be very smooth. screen size is just the best suitable for my pocket 

 my product is received without any damage and fast delivery thank's to seller and flipkart team and mobile also good for my money  

 This is the First time I am facing an issue with the Flipkart Product among the several that I have procured from them. Its been just 2 weeks the Phone Lock/Unlock Button doesn't work properly. I was unable to Unlock my Phone (The screen remains off) even when I was on a conversation with the Tech who called me to troubleshoot my Phone from Flipkart. He made me run an application called Smart Check which did not detect any major issues as per him. However, when I asked him to help me get this Phone unlocked in that case, he advised me to visit a Service center since he did not have a solution to that. He Declined my return request and told me this "Visiting the service center activity" is a part of their return policy and so they can't help me in this case. Now I guess I have to run from Pillar to Post to get this device exchanged. Thank you Flipkart for providing me this excellent service. 

 its been a week i brought this mobile . its my first on-line shopping product. Lenovo A6000 plus good technical features and slim piece easy handy good screen resolution and cost effective. 
Thank you Flip kart for making availability of such products. Excellent service. 

 Mobile is good but lacks camera clarity somewhere. Else no problem.The mobile box also lacks earphone which should be provided and this phone is not supporting generic earphones. Therefore I have to go with samsung earphone which cost me 200rs. I have given 5 star to this phone if earphone was included. I also got scrach guard with this. 

 I have 3 Lenovo A6000 plus mobiles. 
Below problems are there in all 3 
1. Battery drains in 4 hours without data on.
2. Device gets heated too much.
3. camera images are very low quality  

 Performance is good. 
Weight is more not slim as announced. 
There is no hands free accessory provided whereas the A2010 has hands free even though the features did not provide for the same. 
The system storage occupies 4.2 gb which is on the higher side  

 good phone in this price category, normal sim option may be better uses micro sim, 8mp camera quality not upto mark but camera features are good.other features are standard,battery one day long with moderate usage.ph talking quality good.One bad thing no indicator led for msg or missed call or notification.headphone should be provided with box.great thing 2 gb ram with 16 gb internal space in this price range. 

 realy good phone i dont know its only me that my phone a 6000 plus dont perform good on wifi .when i open playstore then i have to turn off wifi and turn back on then phone start downloading stuff.internet work fine on 3g and 2g 

 Unbeatable price @FK for this product for a truly economic phone loaded with features.
Faster delivery . Great service. Thumbs up FK !! 

 its a good product from the lenovo. 
After upgrading to lolipop the phone is working awesome..
Everything Is Good
Pros.
* nice battery Backup
* screen quality is good
* viewing angles are also good.
* i didnt find any gaming issue. 
* no lagging, lenovo launcher is better than google launcher.
* 2gb of RAM and 16 Gb of internal.  
Cons. 
* Not satisfied with the built quality of the back cover. 
* Camera is not that Good as i expected.  
Overall i would say in this price range you cant get better than this. So go For it.   

 Superb phone, features @ low prize,i like it so much, i also suggest to my friend to purchase the same 

 This phone get heated up when i am using 3G . When i consulted with the lenovo service centre in my town , they are telling me to use 2G only . Why should i buy a 4G phone when the only best supported technology is 2G.
After 2 or 3 months my circuit board get short circuited . I believe that the above bug is the reason for the short circuit.
This is not a good phone for current 4G technology. 

 Very worst Camera clarity, battery backup unsatisfied, after three months front speaker volume gets low. Getting heat while charging. 
Nice Ram perfomance 

 I got this phone yesterday... It is not showing the notification in Whatsaap.
Not getting any solution from Lenovo 

 The connectivity was an issue and I am now striving to get a replacement.
There was a lot of disturbance and static noise and the person on the other end couldn't hear me at all. 

 The mic in the phone is faulty right from the time I unpacked the phone - people could not hear me even when I was speaking aloud!   
  
Bought this on june last week.
Guys over all features are good for this proce range.
But it is not working properly.
Sound quality is good.  
Cons: 
1) If you are selected 4G network internet is fast, lot of time incoming call is not working.
If any one calling my mobileno it will say not reachable. Initially i thought that it is Airtel network problem, but one of my friend had Samsung with 4G, he is also 4G enabled, Called up his mobile he is able to receive the call but this A600 plus fail to receive the in coming calls. Changed the network as only GSM i didnt faced any issues, I could receive all the incoming calls without any issue. After this testing come to know that this phone has some issue with 4G and not able to receive incoming call. But the meanwhile internet is working fine. 
2) This phone suddely switch off automatically, most batter Charge is below 50%. you can switch using power button, it will not work., You have to remove the battery and again you have to insert. now this will switch on. 
3) This phone is heating lot with browsing or whatsapp chat also. No need of going for the heavy gaming. 
4) Overall this phone is like our politician's Promise more but work something with correption. 
Be carefull before choosing this phone. 

 filpkart service is good  
overall performance is good under this below 10k mobile segment compare to redmi 4g mobile 
pros: 2gb Ram and 16gb Rom ,light weight ,performance, dual purpose charger(can be use as data cable ) 
cons:camera is not a optimal level but this price it will ok, 
heating issues is there you have to use more than two hours 

 Good Phone With Good
1)Camera (Front & Back)
2)RAM
3)ROM (Internal Memory)
4)Processor
5)OS
The Phone Arrived with KITKAT (4.4.4).I've Got an Update To LOLLIPOP (5.0.2).
I've Got The Phone In The Last Day Of Delivery.Good Delivery........... 

 i got the product before committed date. its working good and no complaints as of now. have observer the mobile is heating when used for games other than this no complaints.
excellent product for this price range. 

 Looks good
Light weight
Both cameras well and captures decent shots
Sound is good
2GB RAM does the work well(able to handle most of the High end games like Asphalt 8, MC5, Dead Trigger, Front line commando D-Day) 
Battery lasts whole day (WiFi browsing, Gaming, Music etc.) 
*The only con I had was with the rare camera.Whenever I received a notification during photo or video shoot the vibrator is vibrating the camera too much and distorting the images and videos. May be it was with my piece.  
Kudos to Flipkart return policy, raised a replacement request and soon I'll be getting my new piece. Wait for the next review.... 

 General View: A typical chinese phone, heavily customised UI. I'm used to Stock Android with my Moto. Hence I complemented with Nova launcher. Use 'greenify' app to hibernate apps to conserve battery.  
Pros: 
a) Sound Quality is good with my Skulcandy ear phone. 
b) Slim form factor
c) Display is good even though not Full HD. 
d) Nice app drawer look with 'Nova launcher' app 
Cons: 
i) OK camera
ii) Battery backup is nearly 15hrs (I don't use game or 3G). 
iii) Heavily customised UI. I got my lollipop update via OTA and hell broke. The phone started to behave erratically. The google play store doesn't work anymore. The 'play services' shows not compatible with the phone architecture. The contact list doesn't show names but phone numbers only. When I make a call I can see names but not, when viewed from contact list. 
iv) 1GB out of 2GB RAM is always consumed at power up itself. 
v) Power button is located below volume rocker which is odd. 
vi) Too many bloatwares, I have to uninstall many. 
vii) When connected to PC, phone memory is not listed. Only memory card is listed in windows 7. 
Verdict: If you have a deep pocket, go for Moto. Even moto E 4G is better than this model. 

 CAMARA VERY BAD WORKING NOT CLARITY PLEASE IMPROVED THE PRODUCT DELIVERY IS GOOD VERY FAST.PRODUCT IS GOOD TUCH VERY SMOOTH 

 broke down after a months use.Stared giving touch problem. had to give it in service center.
flipkart refused to return my money because problem had occurred after a month and 5 days.
got my cell back from service center aft 18 days. now working almost fine. lets hope for the best. looking for a buyer. 

 i am not comfortable to use this device ;;;;its very heating and charging problem;;;Only 2 hours Runing after that battery low ..;...or mobile switch off ; 

 icons are not properly arranged. except that every thing is good.
overall performance is good. low budget phone. still waiting for Lollipop update 

 I am using Lenovo A6000 Plus from 15 days, it is very good phone. Slim and light weight. However, front Camera is not so good. Those want to mobile with good camera may think again before buy. 

 NO LAGS
CAMERA IS AVEAGE
VIDE RECORDING IS GOOD
BATTERY BACKUP IS GOOD LAST FOR 1.5 DAY (MODERATE USE)
IT IS VERY LIGHT WEIGHT.
AND DESIGN IS VERY GOOD
AND FLIPKART DELIEVERY IS JUST AWESOME AS ALWAYS
BUT NO OTG SUPPORT
IT HEATS LITTLE BIT WHILE GAMING BUT LESS THAN OTHER PHONES 

 THERE IS BIG SOFTWARE FLAW AFTER FIRWARE IS UPDATED. INCOMING CALLS WILL ONLY DISPLAY NUMBER AND WILL NOT READ CONTACT NAME SAVED ON YOUR PHONE. WHATS APP WILL ALSO NOT READ ANY OF CONTACTS SAVED IN PHONE. 
DONT BUY THESE CHEAP BRANDS. 

 Flipkart delivery is excellent. Phone is also good in this price range. But google voice is working slow in this phone. Other apps running normally. 

 Simply this mobile is more than worth for the cost of 7.5k, in the way of Look,RAM,ROM,Usage moreover it also have the support of 4G. Then it has little heating issue while charging. 

 I ordered this phone for my sister as her first phone. I had no big expectations on this phone. When the phone arrived, The packaging was impressive. I'll describe my observations so far.  
Display: The phone's display is as premium as any mid end Samsung phone. The colors are vivid. The touch screen is also well responsive considering the price. 
in this price range this is a good stuff. i ever ordered cellphone from flipkart i totally satisfied.   

 light weight
shape is lovely
quality of product is nice
screen is OK
battery backup is nice
no hanging with games or with apps 

 very fast delivered by flipkart team, phone is working fantastic, camera quality similar to iphone 5, advanced camera features. superb phone in low budget. purchased in rs. 6300/- 

 very lightweight....good camera....nice battery backup.....one word....AWESME PHONE....kitkat is more compatible....performance is good....even high performance games can be played as it has 2 gb ram...very smooth touch 

 lost of money . 
bhikar mobile ahe . dont purchse this mobile . i purchased 3 mobile all mobile hanging and heating problem .  

 Never to buy, 1 set change........2nd is also at service center....problem of touch screen is there......also set is very slow 

 I bought this phone for my sister-in-law and i must say the phone serves her purpose and over that it has features which can run any app for around 3-4 yrs. If you are technically sound you will know the apps under go a lot of updates and tend to get heavier as time passes. Over a period of time all the phone tend to become obsolete and buying a phone with similar features with high price for just brand name makes a little non-sense unless you actually care for the camera clarity n bla bla. Best fit for budget phone for normal user! For Advanced user: The camera is OK! dont expect it to click superior pics though in daylight it may look good! Display also cant be compared with Samsung! Overall I must say a phone for one who will be satisfied with using the bare minimum apps like messaging and lite games and not over that! 

 I have been using it for a while. The 5" screen is fine with the pixel density of 294ppi. 2 GB RAM does the job. Snapdragon 410 is reliable for this midranger. The touchscreen response is good. Call quality is good. 
It would have been great if we had a Gorilla Glass on it. The build quality of the phone is not up to the mark. 8MP camera has lot of noise even in normal lighting. Nothing different on front cam. The other issue I found was, the phone shuts down automatically at times and it cannot be powered on by pressing the power button. Only removing and re-inserting the battery brings it on again. But a recent update seems to have fixed this issue. I'm still observing. The other thing is the loud speaker placement, it should have been at the bottom. The phone ring cannot be heard if the phone is lying on a sofa or bed. Battery seems to be fine with capacity of 2300mAh. The phone is kinda OK. nothing that impressive but the price. 

 It is a nice phone though but 2 gb ram does not justify its performance. Moreover there are no gyroscope and e-compasss. it feels delicate. No gorilla glass. In todays scenario with micromax canvas xpress 2 redmi 2 prime Lenovo A 6000 plus has lost its sheen. 

 verry good funtestic mobail foon amezing 4g speed.good loking vverry good hd disply excelent bettry beckaup 

 i bought this phn las week ir quite impressive at that price point but it looks very cheap and chinese phn i had alo biught enfone 5 as compare with that one phn was quuite fast and more value for money .. 

 This phone is getting hanged every time.
Its getting rebooted automatically.
Taking long time to get change the phone. 

 Heating problem and very poor battery bakup.. Can buy other good quality product with this same price. 

 having full software issues. i have used it only for 3 days. it getting struck and unable to open wifi also.wifi is working but unable to browse 

 It's Good Smart phone in this price. Camera is poor Quality. but all Function are working very Good.
Its Battery back is very fine. 

 Pros: Full HD Screen
Camera 13 MP with great Quality 
Faster than any other phone 
Long Battery life
And much more 

 heating issue and sd card consume lots of battery
battery draining very fast when sd card inserted
& some minor display problms  

 From past one week i am facing problems with battery. Battery is draining fast. i had fully charged my battery at night. It reduced to 40% in the morning and that too without data usage. 

 Thanks to Lenova Wonderful product  
No heat up while charging ......While using internet light heat up .....otherwise product is good ...........Super to use 

 Phone is very light in weight and very handy...everything is working super smooth..just front camera being a 2 mega pixel only not give a good quality image...else if u r looking for a budget phone this should be ur next..!! 

 Good phone.puchased at offer price.Great deal,Flipkart=Always awesome.good package,on time delivery.great...... 

 i am enjoining to use this mobile because this lit weight and thick of mobile also good so we can easy 
keep in our packet...filly it too good ..
i will suggest to people buy this.... 

 this is my second lenovo a6000 plus 
and i havent find any issue with this phone  
pros- 
1- good quality material used 
2- decent camera 
3- snappy performance ( 2gb ram/ 16gb ROM )
4- dolby sound, it would be great with a quality ( not skullcandy) earphone
5- good battery backup 
cons-
1- only one slot is 3g/4g other slot is jst 2g , i think atleast both slot should have been provided with 3g 
2- vibe UI is very boring, but than anyday you can install any other launcher like holla etc 
3- no backlight ( not an issue actually)
4- no earphone ( its now a trend )
5- high SAR value ( it should be as minimum as possible ) 
considering the price such minor cons can be neglected  
verdict - worth a buy, best phone in this price range 
go for it 

 Hi 
I cant use this mobile more-than 12 to 13 Minutes continuously Because of high heat, Lenovo Not giving Headphone with this product, so am very uncomfortable with this product. 

 my lenovo a6000 plus mobile heating like iron box i feel fear about that beacause of when it is explode in my pockets like please suggest what should i do 

 switching off suddenly. Battery has some issues and side button does not work. Need to remove the battery and place again to make it on.
Overall is a good prodcut 

 Just love FK and I'll be sorry when they go app only. I only trust my desktop for shopping and using my CC. I'll miss them. Great service and a great product. 

 After hearing lots of criticism about buying a phone online, I finally made up my mind for buying this Lenovo A6000 Plus online for the first time and it was a great experience. The phone got delivered on this Raksha bandhan within 4 days of ordering. Lenovo A6000 Plus is an awesome phone with an awesome price. A very slim phone with high quality features. A must buy for gamers !!! 

 A very nice phone for this price...
The upgraded version of A6000 is simply super...
Very nice service from Flipkart and E Com Express 

 tho touch of the phone is not working .. and it is misbehaving with its app ... lik auto loading things etc. 

 Touch not working properly. Sometimes not able to select 1,2,3 from the dialer. Also while scrolling it will select. Not able to delete by selecting the delete from the popup. 

 Not run smoothly for a single day. Became non-functioning after 20 days of use. Total wastage of money. Now the product is in service center. 

 its very bad phone bettery heat like pressure cooker, don't buy it, when ever i start internet connection its display blink 

 this the best mobile i have seen i purchased 11-08-15 and it is lightweight also please buy it if you are thinking 

 better but camera quality is not good
i used this mobile for two months initially the camera is good but later clarity become dull specially front camera otherwise this is super for this budget 

 Very nice phone. The response time of the phone amazed me. I played Asphalt which came installed in the phone (i had to download it though) and the experience is amazing. My friend has a Samsung S4, it heats up very quick when i play the same game but it is much better than that. More to explore...but so far, I AM LOVING IT. 

 It keeps hanging, and back button has stopped working
and it has turned into a self made robot,, typing text message and calling random number without any touch 

 Lenovo says 8 mp camera, but gives pictures with low quality as an old VGA camera. All other features seems good. 

 Use this phone for 180 days.Battery back up is good.Display is very good.No lag while playing large games. No hanging issue during multitasking. A better phone at a reasonable price with 4G. Camera quality is good. 
 
Good phone under 10K, 
Works smooth no problem at all. 
When comes to the price camera quality is satisfactory but not so good. 
Otherwise all the other configuration holds good, especially Battery & Internal storage (16 GB) super.  
Nice. Recommended... 

 -UI is not user friendly as expected.
-I am using application locker for lock apps but after some times when you open locked apps it is not asking security password. It's happened many time whatsapp messenger.
-Every time you have to release RAm memory. After some time it's hanged
-Camera quality very bad.
-Functionalities not properly defined.
I recommend to all of you never go for this product. 

 The phone specifications are good but the battery backup is very poor.  

 Don't think about this mobile.
Its a great mobile.Battery back up is good.
Camera quality is good in Daytime only 

 I bought 5 numbers lenovo a 6000 and 1 lenovo a 6000 plus.
Among those 4 numbers lenovo a 6000 got screen touch problem,heating issue and hanging issue.
I make 1 replaced and after that horrible experience with lenovo a 6000 plus.
It also get horrible screen touch issue with it and when i went at Lenovo Service Center they take more than 30 days to repair (till running) and till now it is not given to me.
Very bad experience with Lenovo Service center SYSTEM & SERVICES, Barrackpore.
They didn't even call me or receive my call.
I don't understand what can i do now!
Very bad product. 

 This is the worst phone ever I purchased Thanks to flipkart for refund My amount this the 2 gb Ram phone and Working as 512 MB Ram Phone and it is not supporting hindi Fonts and Hang when you need the phone and also has heating issue 

 Apart from camera rest all are the best feature in this mobile phone. There are issues in some of the pieces being shipped and they might have varied issues from camera to some of the software not working. I recieved the first phone with camera issue and the replacement had issue with the dolby atmos software , radio and I had to go for refund. 
Thanks flipkart to refund the amount in good faith. 

 best phone for the time 
Pros:
Decent Battery Life
High Quality camera 
Good Music output 
Good performance
Good look 
Slim 

 Just 2 months back I purchased LENOVO A6000PLUS Mobile. two day back it fallow down from 2.5 feet height its gone total display & not working. I called flipkart , they said no grantee for physical damage after that I call LENOVO customer care . they referred normal 
& common mobile service center not authorization service center. really I lose 7499/- amount. NO proper customer service center in India for LENOVO Products.
Please don't buy.... My problem not resolved, I lose 7499/- amount. 
-ZERO Rating for this Product 

 A6000+ phone is switching off suddenly within 1 Hour after Installing. Battery has some issues and side button does not work. Remove the battery and place again many times but not any work. 
Return request submitted.   

 Phone is very good.
Pros:
1-Speed
2-Looks
3-Camera 
Cons:
1- Still Kitkat
2- Vibe UI is not up to the mark... 

 I've been using this phone for almost a week. 
It's a good phone, but Camera quality is just pathetic. I dnt feel flipkart has delivered me a defective product but, but it's a manufacturing defect. 
When you use ur camera outdoors, it's fine(not upto the mark). But when u wanna use it for indoor or low light photography, its a total crap. the captured image appears to be granular when you zoom in, to just a moderate level (photo taken at zoom=1x), also tried tuning all possible settings, but to no help 
I've used a micromax and an HTC before this phone and to be very honest, a 5MP camera of my micromax phone is way too better than this phones camera (Shocking but true) 
Vibration is just negligible and in-call volume is also low (outdoors). 
Vibe UI makes operation difficult, also reduces customizability, but it's not a big issue, as we can always use a launcher 
Rest all is just awesome,
Qualcomm processor works great, zero lags. 
battery is 2300 mAh Li-Polymer and not Li-ion as mentioned in the specifications above which is a big thumbs up. It lasts upto 8-9 hrs (Using dual sim, 3G network, and WLAN hotspot when necessary). not tested it with games yet it'll drain faster as games consume GPU.
Dolby sound is just awesome 
11.53 Gb usable memory.
Offline GPS
No heating issues (Tell me a phone which does'nt heat up while charging). 
Overall i give it 2 on 10 (loses 2 marks on Camera, Vibration and in-voice call volume). 

 Great specification with reasonable price. Veryyyyyyy goodddddd. Nice browsing speed. excellent battery and picture quality. 

 Phone has excellent primary and secondary camera,it do not have heating issue as it is normal with budget andorid phone..Phone is fast..notification light is not available..back key is not lighting....body cover is made up with low quality material..all in all good phone to buy value for ur money.. 

 pros- better than my previous moto g2
handles everything 
5549-exchanged with my moto g2
150-silicon cover from local shop
180- tempered glass from local shop
this phone is a mini monster
works like a beast and never even sighs for a moment
buy this if you are comfortable with the phone's performance 
NOT RECOMMENDED FOR BEEF KABABS(the one's who just buy phones to show off)
still I am a bit greedy- the camera should had a few tricks up it sleeve like laser or some motion sensing controls and screen gesture controls as well 

 I'm Exchange This Mobile, Another Mobile. Lenovo A 6000 Plus Mobiles Inbuilt Memory Is Good Camera Performing, Not A Good Low Cost Best Features Camera Clarity Bad.. Mobile Too much Heating. 

 its a true chinese product, worked beautifully for first 3 months, now started giving problems. sometimes some issue other days someother issues. 

 it was delivered very fast and the packaging was very good
i saw many reviews about the heating problem but even when i use it for a 5-6 hrs it just becomes worm not superhot
the phone was very nice and was worth the money 

 I bought this product around a month ago, It had good speed, camera is reasonable, battery life is not upto the mark, but im satisfied with the phone cause its stylish and gives you an awesome feel !!!! 

 I purchase this phone from flipkart. This phone is really too good for middle class people. Phone works good.It not hanged even.All the feature works perfectly.camera quality is awesome. 

 Purchased 2 products, initially noticed screen touch problem but after the update this has been fixed.
Camera- good quality
Processor speed- good
Memory- 12gb good 
Overall a perfect budget mobile with outstanding features. 

 best budget mobile ever ..sufficient space ,...good camera clearly ...new technology ..and in a best price must buy this mobile ...giving 4 star out of 5 

 First things first..It is one of budget phones in the market right now..I bought this phone for rs 6000 in an exchange with samsung galaxy y.Here are some of the key things users need to know before buying it.
Cons..Very imp cons:
1.Messaging: If u r a heavy texter..who uses big msgs like more than 3 pages for a message..then this is not recommended for u..it lags very often during messaging the worst I saw from any phone.
2.Calls: If the network signal is weak are not present then it takes too much time to recover when we get good signal..call gets forward due to weak signal many of my friends complain very often which I didnt find in my previous phones.
3. OS: still in kitkat 4.4.4 which has some glitchs and bugs.
4. Camera: when HDR mode is ON, it captures 2 types of pictures one is in normal mode picture and other is HDR mode picture who wants both of them when I'm choosinf for HDR mode. big no no..
these are few cons but I feel very basic cons because even for 1k phone messaging and calling should be up to the mark..that is basic necessity of phone which I didnt find in this one. 
Pros..
As everybdy mentioned..
1. good camera clarity.
2. battery backup is good.
3. 16gb storage is jus great.
4. very light in weight..
5. touch is very smooth.
6. heats a little bit but u cannot avoid if u want a budget phone. 
I hope it may be useful for u to decide whether to buy this phone r not. 

 overall rating 8/10
 * Good
 * Much-needed boost to internal storage and RAM
 * Excellent battery life
 * Good design
 * Excellent value for money
 * 64-bit SoC
 *Light weight
 *No heating issues 
 * Bad
 * Camera is average but not bad
 * Still no toughened glass
 * Vibe 2.0 UI could be improved you need a google launcher as the icons looks cartoony 

 After using this mobile for 45 days I recommend that u cant buy a better phone at this rate...its just really awesome 16gb internal and 2gb ram only @7.5k 
just cant leave it...... just love it........ 

 Great battery backup . Great smoothness . Awesome speed. 
Very good graphic display while a game in progress. Camera quality very clear . Good sound delivery by Dolby . 

 Gifted this to my brother on his birthday, his first smart phone. The screen quality is very good. battery is decent and looks are very clean. The phone is lightweight and slim. The vibe UI is good. Although my brother uses Nova Launcher on it, still the inbuilt task manager in the recent apps section and some other minute features does a good job. Better than Moto E in camera (8mp+2mp+flash VS 5mp+0.3mp+no flash), ram (1gb VS 2gb), screen (1280x720+5inch VS 960x540+4.5inch), speakers (dual Dolby VS mono), storage (16gb VS 8gb). 
Recommended phone in 7k-8k price bracket. 

 The phone is excellent. I purchased it in May. So far awesome phone performance wise. 

 Hey I am writing this review after one month use. I found fphone got hanged after certain time, touch not working, typing keyboard not at all working, sounds in between stops and you have to restart cell again and again.
I am not heavy user atall. My suggestion is don't buy lenovo phone all are same. Finally these are china product only. If you are thinking about lenovo Just forget it because flip kard don't mind any quality product. 

 I AM VERY SAD BECAUSE I DIDN'T GET HEADPHONE WITH THIS MOBILE ,MOBILE IS SUPERB BUT WHAT ABOUT HEADPHONE!!! 

 I was doubtful on how this phone will be because I never purchased a Lenovo product.But it surprised me with its performance. 8 MP camera takes stunning photos and the front camera is also good. I am getting regular software updates. 2GB RAM makes it super fast and 16GB ROM is a sufficient storage for me. Go for it. 

 mobile gets heat when using skype, display quality is less compared to mi2 prime and also camera clarity is low, otherwise good mobile. 

 the quality of camera is very poor it is getting dots over the entire pic.Even the pics are not clear totally disappointed about camera.i bought this mpbile because it has 8mp cam soooo bad.the quality is like taking pics in china piece 

 For moderate usage battery is superb for me. 
12hours on wifi, and remaining 6hours on 3g even after also I some juice left it battery. 
Highly recommende. 

 Its a good phone if you get it at 6.5K. 
Pros:
Dispaly is good.
Sound quality is nice.
Back speakers are nice for sound output. 
Cons:
Camera is not good. 

 Bought a new Lenovo A6000 Plus in Flipkart.
Lenovo A6000 Plus is Over heating from the first hour of use. Unable to speak for 2 mins, its heating rapidly. Not even able to keep the phone in pocket after a call for 2 to 5 mins. 
Battery Drains with in an hour or two. 
I have Hard reset the new phone, Later it seems to be working better.
Unsure why a brand new product require Hard reset to work properly..
Seems to be some quality issue... 

 I am happy with Lenovo A6000 Plus. After using one month as a moderate use, i got it perfect for me. i am so happy for battery backup and rest of things are just average. Camera quality is okay..okay, sound quality is also seems good. ;) 

 I have been a proud customer of this phone for the past 3 months. I had to switch to a new phone because my old phone (Sony Xperia Z Ultra) went kaputt, as I was not interested in investing on a high end phone again, I wanted to buy something on the lower end. With no satisfactory phones available at the lower end I just gave a shot and bought myself this phone. I'm awed at the quality of the phone; both external and internal. 2 gigs of RAM and 16 gigs ROM is the bare minimum which a phone must have (If you are a Z Ultra user you would know the pain of switching to a low end phone), and this phone fulfills that need. Let's move onto the review of it now. 
Pro's
1. Snapdragon 410 does a brilliant job multi tasking and keeping up with your day to day work.
2. The Adreno GPU does no lesser justice to this phone (I have had the pleasure of playing Real Racing3, NFS Most Wanted, Asphalt 8: Airborne and still having the phone run amazingly smooth, each game is 2GB btw)
3. The 8MP Rear camera is just brilliant, I'm no professional photographer, but the quality of photos and videos is brilliant.
4. Sleek and light weight, you don't even feel like you're carrying anything in your pocket.
5. Dual Dolby digital speaker system, if your a music fan then this phone is for you.
6. A unique feature of the VIBE UI is of the call voice enhancer which makes the call clarity/quality crisper and much sharper. 
Con's
1. The VIBE UI, is a big challenge to master. It has auto audio profiles that CANNOT be changed like e.g when you plug your earphones all the volumes change to the default VIBE UI settings for earphones.
2. No notification LED.
3. Heats up quite fast (But then again with the amount of multi tasking any phone would heat up)
4. 4G switches to 3G when you place or receive a phone call.
5. Very delicate, can break easily if you're a rough and tough phone user (Not for those who play cricket with their phones) 
Conclusion: it's worth every penny that you spend on it. 

 I bought this product after a lot of thought. Firstly I was not satisfied with the overall user reviews on flipkart. Because its predecessor A6000 had a better customer satisfaction. 
So for this price point you have two options. Yuphoria and A6000 plus. 
Go for A6000 plus blindly. Performance wise, both the phones are almost similar. But with yuphoria there are a lot of calling issues as i have seen in my friends phone. It doesn't matter how good a phone performs when its basic functionality i.e., calling irritates you. 
Coming to A6000 plus, its a beast in performance. You won't get a better deal at this price point.
There are three highlighting facts about this phone.
1) Display quality.
2) 2 Gigs of RAM
3) Battery 
720p IPS display is amazing. And I was surprised to find that almost 1 gigs of RAM is free all the time. So that offers a heavy scope for multi-tasking. You may say what's so great in having 1gb of RAM free. I have seen the zenfone 2's 2gb variant which will have just around 500mb of RAM free at any time. Having more RAM is always a plus. 
And coming to battery life, you'll be more than satisfied. It lasts a working day without any issues. In fact, on the 3g and medium usage( 1 hour of gaming, 1 to 2 hours of whatsapp, 1 hour of browsing)., it lasts around 17 hours. Standby is also great. You'll not have any issues with the battery. 
Coming to performance, its butter smooth. When I looked at the pictures of this phone on the web, I did not like the vibe UI at all. But let me tell you it is not that bad at all. Of course, it doesn't have as many customisation options as the MIUI has, but still it doesn't disappoint you. It is not heavy like MIUI. The quadcore snapdragon 410 chipset, along with 2GB of RAM will never let you down. 
GAMING : Even the gaming performance will satisfy you. I play Real football 2012 for 1 and half hour once. And I was surprised to see that the temperature was just 36 degrees. And again this is one more highlighting fact about this phone. It doesn't get heated more. I advice you to turn off the 3g while gaming or switch over to 2g. When I played games with 3g ON, it touched 38.6 degrees. Still thats not a high temperature for phones while gaming. Lot of high end smartphones get heated more than that. 
And another good thing about this phone is its design and weight. You may argue as to what's so great in its design. But it feels really good when you actually look at it. The matt finish on the back is good. The phone very light weight. It doesn't feel like a cheap phone. 
DOLBY SPEAKERS: The twin dolby speakers just add a lot of value to this phone. The speaker is loud. Bass is great. With headphones on, you'll just love the experience. 
CAMERA: This is the one disappointing factor for this phone. It has just an OK camera. It performs really good in daylight. But in low light it struggles. It still does a good job. But don't expect the camera to be great. Nevertheless you can't expect a great camera at this price point. Anyway I'm not a camera freak so it was never an issue for me. 
CALL QUALITY: I never faced any issues with the call quality. 
Now let me talk about the cons of this device. 
CONS:
1) No gorilla glass protection.
2) Camera.
3) Android KitKat. ( when there is marshmallow coming around ). 
So these are the only 3 cons that I have felt are for this phone. 
Let me list out the pros which will overshadow its cons. 
1) Performance ( snapdragon chipset ).
2) 2GB RAM.
3) Amazing display.
4) Internal Storage ( 16 GB ) which is very ample.
5) You can set the default storage to SD card. This option is very helpful.
6) Twin dolby speakers.
7) Battery life ( more than satisfactory).
8) 4G LTE support.
9) Last but not the least, the PRICE of this phone. 
The internal storage is another good thing of this phone. You can install the apps directly on the sd card, which you cant do in Redmi 2. 
Finally I would like to add my opinion. 
This is those who waste a lot of money buying flagships and high end phones. You may buy a phone worth 40k or 50k or even an iphone 6plus. I have my friends who buy phones in this range. But I have seen them not even playing a HD game. Whats the use spending so much money when you don't even use the features it offers. Whatever maybe the cost of the phone, people mostly use on the following functionalities more : Calling, browsing, camera. For camera, if not A6000plus, there is moto g3. But I have seen people just wasting money. They don't even use the camera more. They don't even know all the features that a camera app gives in their device.  
Anyway its just my opinion. If you like to consider, do it. Else forget it. I am not debating anyway. 
Lenovo A6000 plus will not let you down. If are not a camera freak, just go for it without a second thought. 

 Good product with slim body &friendly operating system.
100000000% best. very happy with the mobile. 
also lookwise its very nice, sexy body with 5 inches screen. 

 Flipkart delivery was excellent. 2 days before received the order in good condition as per the description.
Pros: Phone is really good in specification and look is also nice. Rather buying a phone costing Rs.20000/-, I will definitely recommend this to others as its specification is quite good in comparison to the price.
Cons: Battery life is not as per expectation. 

 +ve: 
Display (hd),
Design,
16GB internal Storage,
2GB RAM 
-ve: 
Poor Camera
Battery Backup
Heating Problem
Cheap Build Quality.. 
For Price Point it is Ok...Not Bad 

 Everything was good but there is no headset but it was mentioned on the box.Facing problems again from flipkart.Really Bad. 

 Value for Money Phone
Do not compare with different processor phones. A value of branded quality remains with a Brand only.
you may get same versions in cheaper forms. But branded quality levels cannot be met. 
Good Phone! 

 Writing this review after using this phone for 10 days.
Good phone for normal usage and Camera works good ... 2Gb Ram helps for Multi tasking and great 16Gb internal memory .. Thank U Lenovo n Flipkart 

 awesome phone in this range .
have nice specification.camera work good and quality of sound is brilliant .
missing one thing that is EARPHONE 

 its is good product ---buy it bhai log
sirf apko iss par glass screen gaurd lagana padega....................................................... 

 Mobile simply super,Audio sounds excellent.. camera is also well but when zoom the image is not good clarity..my wish otherwise mobile performance good..thanks for your product. 

 Phone is good but two negative point is-
1. Touch is not good as compared to Redmi 2 prime
2.Camera quality id very poor 

 Cons-
i)What a ridiculously bad camera this phone has got. It took me to the good old days of Nokia's vga/1.3mp camera days. desperately want to return this and get my money back, but unfortunately flipkart don't have an refund system on mobile phones.
ii) No headset included in the box 
Pros -
i) good looking and stylish set
ii) good performance and multi tasking
iii) nice video hd clarity and dolby sound is good too 
Final Note - Lenovo should be honest while mentioning the phone specifications. If they dont have a good camera then just accept it and mention that in the specification. Any person can say that its not a 8mp camera for sure and its just a 2mp rear camera at back. so why they lied at 1st place and cheated the customers. The front camera which they claim to be 2mp is not better than a vga camera at most. Different people hv different choices, so a person looking for good performance and budget phone can go for this. But if u want to take pics and selfies then its a big NO.. Lenovo should hv maintained honesty instead of cheating and making customers fool. 

 I'm using this mobile for past 4 months, mobile hangs frequently when i receive calls and i have to restart the mobile frequently solve it. 

 The style, finishing , sleek and light weight makes it different from others
, the phone is fast , no slaggyness. can play high graphic games. 

 My suggestion do not buy this phone. Camera is very poor. You will hate it when u go for taking a selfie. Even rear camera doesnt deserve to be called an 8 MP camera. Poor quality! Do not waste your money buying this phone. 

 Please dont buy this phone there is no 3g calling option in this phone.They didnt mention in the specification. only one sim slot can support lte/3g, another only 2g support. 

 Very good mobile, i am using this mobile and not even a single problem till now.No Handsfree with phone is provided and Camera quality is normal and Accessories like Flip Coer is not easily available 

 THE MOBILE IS FAST AND WORKS GREAT, FRONT CAMERA IS VERY GOOD, SOUND IS THE BEST. mY PHONE IS HEATING UP A BIT MORE I FEEL WHEN I TALK AROUND 5 MINUTES AND MORE. 

 Battery is poor , heating problem and gets hang during searching .
Causes network problem with Airtel Sim quite often 

 Frequently switch off without manual intervention battery backup is very less and getting heated quickly.. 

 I have purchase this phone every think fine but in the front camera i have observed after the taking the snap while slightly if we zoom we can in the middle of the part clear and in the surround part is not clear and after i reset camera again its showing same issue. i update new version software after updating when i turn on the camera front & rear the clarity is worst every were is showing pixels like small dots of color in the before snap and after snap if we zoom slightly we can observed. Then i return the phone to flip kart they replaced the new one again am facing the same problem in the both camera after updating the new version software. May be there was problem in the new version software or in the camera.
I am really dissatisfied of this model of Lenovo A6000 Plus.
The A-6000 is better than A-6000 Plus.   

 I bought this mobile for my father. I felt that built quality is very good and red color looks amazing. Regarding performance - very good at this price range. People who do more photos browsing, see more videos, takes lot of pictures will definitely love this phone bcoz screen resolution and picture quality are very good. 
When I compared this mobile to my Nokia 620,
Lenovo,
> sometimes touch will not respond quickly..
> when playing games (like Subway surfers), felt little delay in touch response..
> color reproduction is not so accurate.. 
Finally..
look and feel - 5/5
touch - 4/5
sound - 5/5
battery back up - 5/5
camera - 5/5 (at this price range) 
Overall 5/5 (feature given at this price range).. 

 I was skeptical before booking the phone online as I have come across a lot of mixed responses. But now that I have received the phone and used by my mom. She is perfectly satisfied with the phone.
Pros:
 * Battery Performance
 * Slim, sleek & handy 
 * User Interface
 * Call Quality
Cons: 
 * Low MP Camera 
 * Slow Camera performance 

 cons: after 2 month u face touch screen problem, touch sensitivity gets deteriorated.biggest problem is getting all the issue fix even in warranty. 

 pls beware of this cell phone.
me and my relative both has camera faults in this cell phone after only two months. 

 This phone gives out heat more than a stove.Battery Drain is one more major issue and for the battery to get charged takes more than 4 hours. 

 I ordered this phone by cancelling canvas express as this was only 300 rs more after 10% discount so its worth in this price range and good quality of lenova and have 2gb ram so faster than canvas i am sure.
screen size is also not big still 5' ,I purchased this for my father as gift so he will sure love it. 

 Bought Lenovo A6000 plus mobile. 
Disappointed with Rear& front camera Clarity. 
For Battery charging taking so much time and Draining fast. 
I am not satisfied with this product.  

 me buying lenova 6000+ on may but on that headphone port is not working ...... some headphone hear only one side, also tring with lenova orginal headphone dammit.......
not getting free headphone with handset 

 The look of the phone is good. 
The problem with the phone is that frequent freezing. I have requested for the replacement of the phone after 10 days of use. Facing the same issue with the new phone which i have received. I am not understand is it the issue with the Lenovo ?????? 

 I received it today and the best part is the phone is extreme light weight. The display is gourgeous. The packing and deliver for this product by Flipkart was great. I also received free screen protector along with the phone. I am extremely loving it. Its a great product for its price. The camera is average on this one. Its not as good as S3 8MP camera. 

 only speciality for product only price. secondary cemara ok. but mobile over heating and automatically switch off for playing games and otherwise over load time. 

 It took over 55 Seconds for First boot... I own MOTO G1st Gen , Lenovo K3 note, Xperia SP all purchased form Flipkart this one annoyed me at begining. 
Cam pictures are noisy  
Touch is smooth  
Updating this review after 2 Months Use. 
Display quality and touch is good.Over all satisfied with phone. call quality and day to day use phone last for 16 hours under continue use on single sim and 12 hours on dual sim with occasional music and gaming and few mail checks. i mostly keep net off mode thus 3G is not constant power consumer on my device so your milage may very depending on your net habits. 
Over all good phone.   

 Currently(in this year) it is definitely the best phone in the price range, working is flawless, smooth and nice. The screen is good for the price. Overall a very nice product. 

 Worthless Phone....no further description needed.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 

 I have purchased 3 months ago now I am facing following issues:
1. It's getting heated while it's idle.
2. 100% charged battery fully discharged within 4 hours.
3. Low quality build.
4. Service center's people are trying to void warranty at any cost. 

 This is my second mobile for my brother after getting one for my wife.
I appreciate few things..
1 Battery Back up was good, as compared with my old mobiles.
2 Never gets hangs.
3 Always use to compare with mobile not less than 30K and trust me it always wins.
Rest is services from flipkart, all though all system has some faults, still they are on good track.
Just go for it. 

 Here i am writing my review about Lenovo a6000 plus after using couple of months.
1)Back Camera quality is not good.but front camera is ok.
2)battery back up is very nice.
3)Touch experience is not good.
4)Lenovo announced the Lolipop update in the second quarter.But till now there is no android update.
Finally if you want a phone which having gud configuration in low price then go for it.  

 Excellent phone with almost everything in it.... 5 stars... camera is awesome, phone is light, 2 gb ram makes it faster... overall very good phone.. 

 This is the best phone I ever had.Processor(Snapdragon 410)at this price is the best!.It been a month since I bought it..Battery is awesome! I get 2 days straight battery backup.Camera and speakers are good!!And just so you know..No heating problem at all. This phone will be getting lollipop upgrade in september or so...and then it will be perfect with its 2GB ram.So far no problems at all!.I suggest people to buy this phone 100 % 

 Good mobile , only sensors are less, Not compatible with Google sky" application and also not with "Google cardboard" 

 Nice Phone, Delivered on time. Very nice packing. i am using this phone from more than 15 days. Everything is good. Fully Budget phone. 2 GB RAM is enough. 

 Happy with this smart phone. Value for money.. Cant expect better product than this in 7.5K..
Good quality camera, light weight, 2GB RAM is more than enough. I will strongly recommend.
And at last thanks flipkart for prompt service!! 

 Just go for it!. it's simply awesome within your budget.the looks and the display has simply blown my mind away! 

 phone after one month not working touch problem call distributions .
service is not good my service center  

 very good phone with affordable price.
good camera
good display
good speed and performance 
Headset not included 
good packing
good seller 
Thank you Flipkart 

 i have purchased lenovo A 6000 plus in last june 2015. I have faced many problem every day. 
1. Pattern Unlock system Bug.( Slide down )
2. Sync it Bug( Some contacts name delete )
3. You network full. But you call some one suddenly through alert message 'Mobile Network Not Available' . ( When you REBOOT the mobile then only this problem solve). But after some days u face this same problem.
4. Music player Shuffle option( doesn't complete the one shuffle cycle again and again play the same songs ).
5. Only two types of themes available ( both r worst theme).  

 Good Display, Good Performance, Good Camera, Good Battery, Wonderful 
Sound is Average, look is Decent (Not Cheap, Not Premium),  
In Short, Go for it. TOTAL VALUE for the price 

 very good service and delivered with perfect timing but I will not found earphone in this packet, this is good product and working very smoothly, battery backup also good 

 at this price it is just superb. Performence is very good. apps can be moved anywhere. bttery last 2 days when thw phone is in normal use. go for it 

 I bought this phone not so long ago.... just three weeks ago. Here are some facts about it:
Advantages:
(1) 16 GB internal memory of which 4.5 GB is occupied by system and pre-installed apps leaving 11.5 GB storage for users(which is still pretty cool)
(2) 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon MSM8916, Quad Core processor is great for multitasking
(3) 2 GB ram to match up to the quad core processor is like cherry on top of the cake.
(4)Adreno 306 graphics is pretty good for gaming (I like to play lot of games and I haven't found any difficulties with a game yet) and it supports high resolution HD (1080p HD) videos 
(5) It supports 4G LTE
(6) The 8MP rear camera is better than the camera of any other phone with same standard n specifications. the 2MP front camera is also good for selfies
(7) The battery backup is really good. I have a habit of pushing things beyond their limits. It gives more than 16 hour battery back up even while playing games with medium texture and graphics continuously.
(8) It allows to install apps even on your SD cards directly.
(9) the Dolby speakers are awesome and the active noise cancellation with dedicated mic is really cool.
(10) Slim, Light weight and easy to operate by one hand. 
Disadvantages:
(1) No back-lit illuminations on touch sensitive buttons like other smartphones.
(2) The secondary SIM slot only supports 2G while it should be 3G.
(3) Sorry have not found any other disadvantages till now. 
Overall it is a really good product to buy with the given price. Every single penny spent on it is worth spending.
Just Go for It.  

 touch not working....this is the cheap and waste mobile for ever.. please dont busy this mobile most of the mobiles are touch complaints. 

 lenovo a6000 plus
The video file with extension '.mkv' is main cause of heating problem. Delete all those file and restart your phone. It may be possible that there may be some other reason for heating problem but it my case it worked. 
Delete all those file and restart your phone. 
Except the above mentioned issue performance & specification is really good. 

 I have purchased this mobile in June- 2015,in just 50 days the keypad touch screen started misbehaving. 
when i asked other friend, he also had the same issue with his handset. 
Thankfully lenovo had service center at our location, But when i visited the service center, the guy there told that they have faced many similar cases of lenovo product.  
Lenovo service center asked to come after 10 days, Hopefully they solve my touchscreen issue, but i wont suggest this phone to anybody just cause poor quality of handset. 

 This product is not at all good, first i faced touch complaint, and i get serviced from service centre. 
Now the battery back is not good..phone is getting heat, even the phone is swithced off, the battery is getting down within 4- 6 hrs. 
Very very worst product... 

 Mobile has been delivered in Good condition and packed well. But the head phones in the box is missing. 

 i bought it few days ago ,i m delihtful to having it...2gb ram suffecent for smooth eperience..decent camera,good battery backup long last a day,dolby sound only work with external speakers and stock player..sad thing is there is no earphone with this but i am using samsung galaxy ace earphnes its blasting for me..to enhance ur sound eperience install poweramp music player with viper4droid...its awesome mobile at this range 

 The phone was wonderful only for the first two weeks.But later on it started working weirdly,like when i touch the music icon,messaging tool would open and would start to type automatically.Even the home button is not working along with few parts of the screen.The volume would suddenly increase to the maximum when using music player.Very good mobile for 7499 only if you wish to use for a month. 

 Hello,
Very Nice phone at this rate. Phone Speed/Battery life is also good. Definitely recommended phone. 

 1.SIgnal Connectivity Issue
2.Camera Clarity is not good
3 Battery Backup is very bad
4 It will be hanging for some times 

 Excellant product. 100% value for money, Except for volume which is too low. Flipkart service was exceptional. 

 phone is nice but if u compare with redmi 2 prime ....redmi is the best in for all feature 
specially 2GB ram and 16 GB internal memory. it is affordable in pocket 

 my mobile received good condition. but after two months vibrator not working for my mobile. customer support is poor 

 Issues getting raised after the completion of replacement period. Now its getting switch Off suddenly and it won't work until removing the battery.
Signals are not catching properly and dropping all the times. Worst phone not even worthable  

 Everything is fine, Speed of multitasking, response when played with heavy games but only thing is that camera clarity. It is for sure that it is not 8 M.pixel but having only 5 M.pixel. So take care of camera quality rest is fine. 
I am writing very genuine review after using it 2 month. 

 It's the only phone in it's own range, 2GB RAM and 16GB Internal, above all it's peers, best buy and best value for money.
I think in this config, there is no phones with this price Tag, particularly when it was at 7K with 10% SBI Discount. 

 HI! guys
if you BUY this mobile, mobile is good but don't update 
after update its kraft version both cameras give bad pixel quality so worry about it 
i am facing this problem 

 Battery Draining Issue ,
Heating issue 
draining is very fast 
unresponsive most of the time 
using since last two months , 
Major issue is battery 
calling volume is also very low 

 Review after 30days of usage.
All specifications are good , only in paper, except the best sound quality.
Dont update craft version which ruins the camera quality. 
If you still want to buy ,you are giving your self trouble, or pray to god .
Beware your touch screen will start producing problems, soon after the 30th day.
Better go for yuphoria. 
1 star is for sound quality only 

 I bought this phone on 22 July and within 15 days touch is not working. I reset my phone but didn't get any solution. Now I missed the one month return policy. Guide how do I fix that. 

 it's a nice phone given it's price. it's not something too good that you get at this price.. but yes satisfied with performance and price. 

 Mobile is too good and its worth for 7k. 
But it has a minor problem in back button. 
Battery backup is good. 
Display is good.  

 lenovo A6000 plus is a very nice phone...charging also super backup and interms of camera,music,videos all r fine.good phone for that price 

 I think its not a curable disease .In two months use i have to go second time to their hospital for heating problem. Interestingly they take only 25 days to resolve a heating problem.very poor service from their head office . They dont know what happens at there state service center. 

 After using 4 months I notice that phone have many problem like apps unfortunately stop, software problem, heating problem, hanging problem and so on.
battery backup is only 4-4.5 hour on normal use, and my suggestion is don't buy it.... 

 Nice mobile, power back up is good but sound loudness is very poor. Best part it is supporting 3G & 4G both. I think only phone have this feature in this price point. 

 instead of this cheap product go to redmi 2 or redmi 2 prime they are way better than this,lenovo has specs but its charging takes more than 5 hours to get fully charge and moreover its adapter got damaged with in two days believe me guys its not up to the mark
better go with redmi 2 or else infocus m350 

 This is a good phone and reasonably priced. It has good camera, Dolby Digital Plus Sound, kit Kat 4.4, 16gb ram and 2gb rom. 
Issue with Touch and sometimes it doesn't work as expected, does not support USB OTG. 
Overall this is a good phone.   

 Pros
1) 2gb ram and 16gb internal memory with further expandable memory
2) a good 2300mah removable battery
3) clear resolution
4) Dolby digital effect superb for headphones
5) dual speaker with loud ringtones heard clearly in noisy backgrounds 
Cons
1) front camera 8 MP is good but not like awesome.Images in light are good.
2)microphone clarity not like samsung products in this category.
3) Phone speaker (not the loudspeaker) quality could be more better
4) They dont provide you with headphones 
Advice:-
please update the OS with the latest one once u get the phone then start using it. 
Overall
Good phone in a budget like 7500/- 

 The phone has good hardware configuration. However, voice quality during call is not great and speaker volume during call is not enough. 

 Though hardware specification is attractive ( 2GB RAM & 16 GB Internal Storage) in the sub 10K price range, but performance quality is not upto the mark considering following two aspects : 
1) Touch Screen ( Continuously deteriorating in last few months) does not sense the exact letter at the bottom portion of it when you keep it vertically
2) Battery back up does not even cover 12 hours with normal activity 

 No lagging .........
Best camera for selfie(10/10)
Rear camera is also awesome(10/10)
sound (10/10)
Design is good but plastic body (7.5/10)
Ram(10/10)
Internal Memory(10/10) 
Editing after using this product for 4 months
Very bad phone, hanging problem
Touch issues
Overheating around 65 degree
Battery issue is there I need to keep my mobile always in charging . I can say my laptop battery is far better than this mobile. 

 Nice and superb experience to work with Lenovo A6000 plus. So many features in less price. Superb camera result for photos and so many extra facility also. Never hang because of in built RAM. 

 i am using this handset now for 1mnth.delivered in 7 days.that is too slow. 
coming to the phone>
ram 2gb,storage 16gb, 5inch ips 720p disply with 294 ppi makes this device awasome.especially i love the disply,its also good in sunlights,front facing camera is good,battery back up is ok comparing to the fact that it has only 2300 mah battery.phone didn't hang or lag during multitask. 
so far so good,now weakness.
it take 2.5-3 hour to complete 100 charge.
rear camera is not up to mark.but hdr mode is pretty good
sometimes phones do heat up. 
overall its a value for money device,
if u r a gamer u should buy it
but if u want a awasome camera phone ignore it,cause camera is good not awasome. 
 Thank u...... 

 As a normal person I use this below app only.
1. Whatsapp - using good speed.
2.Facebook - download and page opening speed is good.
3.Camera rear and Front good quality. 
Negative:
1. Notification is not available.
2.Ringing sound is not high. 
Overall feeling good while using this phone, voice hearing and calling also nice.
Msg typing is good. 
as a normal person I am using this much only daily. 
regards,
rajesh 

 Awesome Phone...awesome performance! But battery life not so good! And Pattern most disgusting..u have to change the lock with GO LOCKER(external app)..then only it will works fine enough! 

 I bought this & felt i like i did mistake. Camera is not 8 MP it is just written 8 MP but Its not more than 3 MP. My brother's phone has 5 MP camera in it & it captures more clear image than lenovo a6000+. The Back is not that responsive. good thing about this phone is that it doesn't hanged because it doesn't even function properly. it is not just bad thing to buy it the worst thing to buy. 

 Camera is not good at all.
Other aspects price wise is OK.    

 As per my knowledge after using this mobile from past 20 days
Battery backup is very good
no lags while playing games
4g connectivity is also good
no heating issue 
Everything is fine  
Blindly go for this if your budget is under 8k 

 Awesome Design and Good digital Dolby sound! 
Phone is nice operating is smooth and fast very nice phone in this price with 4G feature. 

 This Phone using customize OS, which is terrible.
I found some below issues after using around 2 month .
1. Suddenly it's start vibrating with out any reason.
2. Every time you have to switch manually using wifi and provider internet. 
3. Some time data on button does not wok, you have to restart phone only then you can do.  

 this phone is simply a shit. except screen every thing is below average from its UI to is camera every thing sucks. Camera is tooo low class even its not capture pics in day light raat ko to puchno hie mat. 

 Very much comfortable mobile with nice performance at the affordable price Flikart is great. Their deal with customer is really appreciable. 

 Phone is awesome but if you upgrade to Latest VIBE UI (Kraft-A6000s_S104_150730) the camera quality with go worst. all pictures will have noise after upgrading to this UI. Lenovo should work to provide new release to over come with this issue. This issue is not with the pre-installed VIBE UI. 

 This is my first electronic online purchase. After 3 months of use I found Lenovo A6000 is really a good phone. Auto-brightness works really cool, good camera, sounding is pretty loud.... but it lacks notification gesture for miscall or msg until you actually look at your phone. 

 I am using this mobile since one month. Good mobile at reasonable price.
less weight, good look.....Battery is good and no heat at all.
But ringing tone is not audible in noise environment. 
Proximity sensor some time not properly working during call end time.(head distance move from sensor). 

 I have been using this since last 1 month. 
Excellent product from lenovo. Camera quality is excellent. Battery is also very good. 

 Lenovo makes good phones and this is definitely one of them. not expensive at all for the features/ functions provided. practical in use, looks good and very good battery life.
my ratings 4 on 5 since a couple of useful functions that are absent like the 3 illuminated buttons at the bottom to select the main menu, go-back etc and not much color options. 

 Its a worth phone. I am using this phone from past 3 months and i am not facing any kind of issue in this phone till now.
Camera is not that good but in terms of performance it is worth. 

 pros:
i am still thinking to find any .
cons:
ok type pic quality
buying from flipkart itself is constraint with low grade customer service
plastic body 
not a stable hardware mobile buy assus of same range instead
Very high SNR
gorilla glasses absent
down menu option is not having any inside led so buy any other phone and try to avoid lenovo low range phone or buy Assus zenfone or moto g 3 instead 

 Very Very Poor Battery Quality , Battery Drain Very Quickly , Back Cover Very Thin and Soft , All Video Format Not Supported , Infocus Mobile Better. 

 I like very much this product of lenovo.
i used this for two month.
but unfortunately i lost my fon.i m so much sad. 

 Its is worth for 7.5K bugs,but one fault what i found only is camera.camera lovers dont go for this product.because indoor picture quality is very very poor look like taken from vga camera.i can say camera is disappointed by lenovo.no heat issue while browsing for hours.i cut one star for camera only. 

 The phone was working nice for 45 days and the set started to heat up even when its idle and drains the battery very fast need to switch off the set while charging reset of the handset works for some time and again its heating up, please don't buy this phone its not worth it. 

 Lenovo this Phone is Touch pad Isssue , Heating Issue ,Battery Discharge Isssue 
phone Work very bad not running 64 bit games 

 Superb phone...i am using it for more than 1 month!!
Good performance...battery backup is good. Screen clarity is also fantastic. Dolby sound output is simply the best!!!
Undoubtedly you can go for it! 

 Phone is nice operating is smooth and fast very nice phone in this price with 4G feature. Waiting to buy A2010 phone also from lenovo 

 It is amazing Phone in Low Price Good Battery Ram Processor and Display it's Look is Very Nice than Other Phone and it is best in price 

 Bought the red Lenovo A6000 plus two weeks ago,so writing this review after a good amount of usage :) 
First of all i would ike to clarify about the issues faced by many consumers.
Heat issue - No i did not face any severe heat issues as of yet. The phone gets a bit warm while playing games,but the same used to happen with my previous smartphones too. 
Camera issues - I did not update the phone with the latest Kraft software,as it is known to degrade camera quality.
Camera is quite good,although not that great.But definitely worth the price of this phone. 
Battery backup - AMAZING ! 
What should i say ,i am free nowadays so the phone has to bear a lot of burden to help me kill some time :D 
A whole day of browsing using WIFI virtual router on laptop , Angry birds 2 and Leo's fortune in between ,Youtube and you are left with some hefty amount of juice at the end of the day at 11.30 pm !  
Build quality - Build quality is average at its best.
The red backcover does not get dirty or turns slowly blackish.I have not use a flip cover of any sort ,as i love its slim 8.2 mm profile. 
Screen - Very Good ,punchy colours ,bright screen and very less bezel as compred to its competitors.
For ex. A6000 plus is approx. of same size as my MMX Unite 2 inspite of sporting a 0.3 mm larger screen. 
CONS
Still on Kitkat ,although i knew exactly what i was buying,but still ( * Lenovo has said that lollipop update will be rolled over this month ) 
FINAL VERDICT 
4 stars - Because no product is perfect,isn't it ?   

 In Only One month it's display is become white. with out any physical or water damage.Phone is good but it is wastage of money. 

 Looks: Slim profile, rubber feel/easy grip, compact enough
Performance: No lags, full day battery backup
Camera: As expected in price range. Good.
Overall: Value for money if you get 10% discount. 

 lenovo phone is way better than prime. display, call clarity, the one feature which is better than any other phone is its Dual sound speakers there is not match to their quality. if u want o choose one from redmi 2 prime and a6000+ go for the later.... 

 amazing product, great performance......dual sim 4g + 2g 
cons: It doesnt support USB OTG.
 No backlit light. 
Screen Resolution & Pixels are fine..  

 Dont buy Lenova A6000 plus
.
1.Heating problem
2.Battery waste hardly 3hrs
3.Major problem with Camera . Camera quality too poor,all pics are blur.
4.Touch also not smooth.
5.The built in quality is worst.
6. phone sitched off suddenly
7.Internet does not works most of the time
8.Sound Quality not at all good 
 Bottom Line:
Don't buy and if they give free also don't take.... 

 a good mobile to have. Very powerful mobile with good speed and descend storage capacity, good battery backup.
Pros - Great speed, good battery backup
Cons - Not dual standby, touch not so sensitive 

 Excellent phone, good performance. nice look but only one thing for poor video quality for that i am giving 2 star. (comparatively other smartphone from same range). 
Over all 3.5 stars mobile, one can but it if he loved game dont think buy it. 
to flipkart i am not get the headset in box.   

 Mobile started getting switch off / hanged without display after using for 10 days. Unable to switch on again.Only after removing the battery and resetting the battery, i was able to switch on the mobile. In past 2 days this has happened 3 to 4 times. Requested for the replacements. Charging takes 4 to 5 hours for 100%. Otherwise mobile is ok. 
Flipkart support has become bad nowadays.. when we says there is problem, they say they want to make some test by running some app.. and postponing things.. when they know the issues about the phone.. they don't need to do these things for the known issues.. 

 very light weighted,Super touch,camera clarity is good, battery back up gives me for 2 days.
User interface is also good, now waiting for Android Lollipop upgrade for this. 

 in just 2 months of use, my phone screen broke. it didnt fall from my pocket. very weak screen glass. feature wise the phone is good, but durability wise its worst. neither of my phone broke in this way. 

 Pro*s
4g Support
Good display
Decent Battery. 
Cons
Touch sensitivity average.
Camera...not as expected
No headset provided. 

 i happy to purchase it
i luv this phone alot
its fast
its doesnt hav any issue after 2 months of purchasing
worth buy at 6299 

 Yes the product is working very fine since I bought it good quality good camera. feels good in hand as well. Camera could have been little batter. 

 I checked all the reviews and ratings on multiple sites, and I was not expecting a supercomputer for the price. But no review prepared me for the shock I was to receive when I started the camera application. Believe me, this is the worst camera one could have on a phone. I purchase Redmi 2 together with this and despite costing 1k lesser, the camera of redmi 2 is far better. 
Camera of this phone is very noisy, so much so, that the smaller details like face features, etc. just get lost.
I straightaway filed for return, when I received the second shock. Return will not be accepted since it is me who is not satisfied with the phone and there is no fault with the phone itself.
My suggestion is to stay away from this phone and just go for Redmi2 prime. 

 Thank you for the wonderful service. 
Most user-friendly and customer-friendly e-commerce site. 
Coming to the product, its the best smartphone in this budget. The already installed apps are a bonus! Thanks a lot. 5 on 5 !!! :) 

 They didn't provide Air tel sim as they had mention in the offer . 
but the product was good ,good battery backup,fast delivery .  

 Camera clarity xlent but when I done system updates given by lenova then my camera quality had completely gone. Any help, what should i do to retriev back my clarity. I had done reset but no use 

 I am using this phone since last two months and performance is on par with the price of the phone with good camara. 
 Very good battery back up as well. 

 Hi, 
I am writing this review after 1 week of usage. I feel its an awesome mobile within my bugget
Performance is very good when compare to other 2 GB quad core processor mobiles, touch sensitive is amazing. No heating problem till date. 
Overall "Amazing mobile in best price" 
Thanks to flipkart for having offers with multiple credit card & debit card purchase.   

 Excellent phone with this range..simply superb 
Good display and sound quality, camera is average but still better from others with this range. 

 I got the mobile for very less price, it's really good, touch, battery, everything.. camera disappoints a bit but it's OK for this price. 

 The touchscreen works very smoothly, glass is also good. The 2Gb RAM lets the phone function without any lag. The price is also competitive. Overall am happy with this purchase. 

 Hi...
As per written 8 MP Primary Camera, 2 MP Secondary Camera in product description there is very poor quality in comparison of other company handset. If want to good quality photo and video then please don't buy this. 
There is no ear phone with handset in packet. 
i want to return my phone.
i buy this phone on 18 aug2015 but i m not satisfied from this Leono A 6000 Plus.   

 1) Apps Unfortunately Stopped.
2) Big Problem is Battery Charging Very Slow (i calculated in 5 hrs its 90%).
3) I m shocked "Unexpectedly Power Off".
4) While Charging its Heating ... i dont know why ..!
5) Without Use battery 100% down in just 3 to 5 hours.
6) Malware Found.(and not uninstalling) :( ... 
Kindly Solve my issue Dear Flipkart Seller .. Thanks 

 At starting everything was a good.
But after started using facing so many problem in product.Its not have been three month from the day when i had purchased this product.and started misbehaving. 
First charger adapter stopped working. After that handset stated hitting on when its in high working mode.and also hang some time. At the first, battery was working extremely fine.But after two month its suddenly dropping. My current battery standby time is Maximum 2 hours. 
And even if my product is in warranty, there are not listening. I have mailed them at every email i could find for help. they just acknowledge my mail but didn't replied yet. 
still i am working on that but I suggest you to do not by this product. 
Its scrap to make people fool for low price and more feature. 

 First off, I was split between Lenovo A 6000 plus and Yu yuphoria. But I finally chose this because of the following reasons. It is to note that I got the Lenovo under an offer where I got a 500Rs discount while using the mobile app. So both Yuphoria and A 6000 Plus were the same price for me. If only Lenovo A 6000 plus had a compass, it would have been perfect, but alas. Also as soon as I got the mobile, the call signal reception was so bad I thought of returning the phone. But I opened up the phone, took out the battery and the sim and re-inserted again, and the problem is gone. Been using for the past 1 week, and no re-occurrence of the problem. I guess the sim wasn't inserted properly. So yea..phew. And awesome delivery by flipkart as usual.
So anyway my comparison of Lenovo A 6000plus and Yu Yuphoria: 
Display
YY:
Has a tint of pinkish color. Not true Color.
Has toughned glass. Will not crack if dropped. 
L:
Best of the 2. True color display with no tint.
No toughned glass.  
Software
YY:
Has some errors in software, which they say will be solved via automatic internet download.
Very customisable software.
New OS. 
L:
No Errors.
Less customisable software.
Old OS. Which they say will be upgraded to new free of cost, in a month or 2, via automatic internet download.  
Battery
YY:
Lasts 5 to 10% lesser than Lenovo
Quick charge. Will charge entire battery within 1.5 hours. 
L:
Retains charge 6 to 11% more than Yu Yuphoria.
Slow charge. Charging to full will be within 2.5 hours. 
Sensors
YY: Has compass, Gyro and whole host of sensors for gaming. 
L: Has no compass, and has no some other gaming related sensors.  
Audio (through Headphones port)
YY:
Not very good Audio quality even with premier earphones like sansa and yamaha.
Has earphones which comes along with the pack. 
L:
Good Audio quality than YY.
No head/earphones. Will have to buy seperately. 
Audio (through Speakers)
YY: Has normal speakers. 
L: Has Dolby speakers and is good to hear than YY.  
Call quality:
YY: Has good call quality, but lesser than L.
L: Good call quality than YY. 
Camera:
YY: Excellent front camera when compared to L, but poor back camera when compared to L. 
L: Poor front camera when compared to YY, but excellent back camera when compared to YY. 
Price
YY: 7000/- some cover protection cost
L: 7000/- Head/earphones cost some cover protection cost 

 ADVANTAGES:----->  
(1) 2 GB of ram(DDR-3) for better multitasking(Which is very good)
(2) 16 GB of internal storage(11.53 GB of usable storage,Which is ample)
(3) A free screen guard is provided by Lenovo (Out of the box)
(4) Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic(Also known as secondary noise cancellation) & Works well in crowded areas.
(5) Dolby Digital Plus Sound(Stereo or Dual Speakers). 
Problems Facing:------->
Wifi is not working properly even at a distance of 2 mtr from modem. 
Rest is great... 

 i bought this phone for my brother a s a gift and he liked it.... good features, light weight, sound is ausum, camera quality is far better than any other phone of much higher price,battery is also good even continuously running over 3g. must buy....brand new with no damages 

 After Four month our mobile display was gone and very bad experience with online product.
Now i am looking for repairing . not a good 

 Dont buy this phone.I have never been seen such kind of cell which heating and lagging so much.....I suggest you...you go for another brand.like Nokia or MIcrosoft Lumia.. 

 If some one is looking for everything in budget phones . I recommend the Lenovo A6000 plus. 
I am using this phone since last three months and the performance is on par with the price of the phone with good Camera and speed. 
Very good battery backup as well. 

 Very costly....i bought 5000 RS in market. very poor performence. i request to all of you. dont buy lenovo phones battery is not good some time net work not supporting hanging also...........is my opinion 

 The phone is quite good (best specifications at reasonable price)....!!!! except the camera clarity in low light....
1. It shows grained pixels when images are captured inside the house.... Lenovo should update its camera features in next update....
2. Also it should be upgradable to Android 5.0 Lolipop....
3. Lenovo should give earphones (headphones) in the box with this phone.
4. I wish & people will purchase this phone more, if it had a Gorilla Glass 3.
5. Nice battery backup... It lasts for almost 3-4 days with normal calling & messaging usage. With Wifi usage the battery lasts for 2 - 2.5 days..!! 
Overall an OK-OK phone at this reasonable price!!! 

 I've bought a Lenovo A6000 Plus mobile phone, and found following in this: 
1. Camera is good in respect of clicking photos, but the quality of image is blurring.
2. As they claimed Digital Dolby sound with twin speakers, but the volume is not loud.
3. Phone hangs sometime and will functioning again till restarts. 
rest are okay. 

 Good phone but battery should be better. The phone is of good looks and good display, lenovo can offer better products in future as well in less price. 
The delivery time should be cut short in future delivery . 

 All the features of the product are very good, but it has a heating issue near the charging port. Reduce battery automatically. Guys you can buy this product in you own responsibility. 

 I have purchased this phone 3 months back and was happy with the performance till a few days back. Performance is good, however, the battery is draining to quickly now. Also, it has started heating up. Playing games is a good experience. So far, not faced any issues with Asphault Airborne 8. In this price range, this was the best phone 3 months back, however, you have many options now. So choose wisely. 

 Lenovo A6000 Plus is a great phone if your budget is below 10k also the specs are just awesome at this price. Update your phone ASAP to avoid heating generation and battery drain. I read some reviews in which buyers had written that their phones are heating up and speculated that Flipkart has sold defective sets to them so I was a bit worried when my phone started heating up severely after just a few minutes of use but after updating it there was no problem at all and battery backup increased 10x
Rating: 
1. Design : 8/10
2. Performance : 9/10
3. Build Quality : 8/10
4. Display : 9/10
5. Camera: Front- 8/10 & Rear- 7/10
6. Battery Backup : 9/10
7. UI : 7/10
8. Overall : 9/10 

 I had Ordered For Lenovo A 6000 Plus , when I received the Packet, I got Confused as On the Box i was not clearly mentioned whether the Delivered Mobile is Lenovo 6000 or 6000 Plus. 
More Confusing is the User Manual Inside the Box , as it is of Lenovo A 6000. 
In the Technical Specification of Mobile Itself , it Shows LENOVO A 6000 ( PLUS IS NOT BEEN MENTIONED ANYWHERE ) IN ABOUT Column of handset. 
Then I had to take help of Internet to Fetch Proper Specifications of Lenovo A 6000 And 6000 Plus. 
There is Huge Difference in Inbuilt memory of Lenovo 6000 & 6000 Plus. 
Still , It would have been better if Lenovo would have Provided Proper instruction Manual and , atleast In the ABOUT Column of Handset , Lenovo should specify it specifically. 

 1. Phone switches off automatically. U need to reinsert battery to power up. no other solution. Its very awkward to do this everytime.Initially I thought this may be issue with my handling and didnot report. but now this happens frequently. Many are complaining about this online. This is very bad from flipkart and lenovo. when u know there is such major issue why continuing to sell the phone. I still have lot of trust in flipkart. 
2. GPS is incorrect. Its not an accurate at all. The very reason I wanted this phone was to use many smart apps. and most of them correct gps working. 
FLIPKART DONT BREAK PEOPLE'S TRUST IN YOU. 
WE WERE VERY PROUD OF YOU. 

 The Quality of Camera is not even match with 2MP picture Quality. And Flipkart website is not accepting return withing 7 week time also. 

 Its an OK OK buy because with the spec it gives in low cost it give the equal amount of headache as well.
1: I got a defective piece where the touch at one place was not working.
2: I myself use an HTC Desire so i found the option panel for home screen etc a little tough to understand and use.
3: No matter what i tried o could not get the internal memory open where i can access all the folders MTP did not at all work even with installing software and the cam mode only allows you to see DCIM folder nothing else. 

 Just an average rated phone. 
I faced the timing issues... which is surely disappointing. 
It constantly shows you the same time as the call back is not correct.
Because of non gorilla glass, you will regret later. It is full of scratches in 1 month.
camera is ok,, google camera works much better. 
The Airtel offer did not worked. The sim is not working.
So Do not bother about the offer. 

 Best products from Lenovo. 
Crystal clear sound and display brightness is excellent. 
Highly impressive simple design and light weight. 
Friends go for it....... 

 Every thing seems to be good.
Touch pad is a problem and the phone hangs a lot.
I got a replacement ,the phone doesn't work in poor networks. 

 superb battery, great cameras, thin bezel, love the red color. at 7500 bucks, it's a great buy! go for it !!! 

 THIS PHONE GETS HEATING ISSUE
AND DUAL SPEAKER IS POOR 4 WHAT THEY BOAST! 
APART 4M THAT THIS PHONE IS AVRG 

 One month no issues..After one month, I had issue with booting.. Just "lenovo logo" coming and hangs.. no further booting even after entire day keeping the phone ON....  
I gave for repair..I noticed that,in lenovo service center, 10 out of 15 having A6000 PLUS.. Literally I count the no of handsets.. 
Many people having heating issues.. booting issues.. sim not detecting.. signal drops.. 
after repair of my phone, a new problem has come.. very minimum signal.. other handset with same sim and location having 3 blocks, where as lenovo is still searching for network.. 
again given for repair.. after one week I got the phone.. 
currently working fine.. no heating problem.. 

 Agree with Mr. DAVID A
Want to add something more. 
Advantages: 
1. Overall very nice phone and value for money product.
2. High battery life. I receive or dial average 150 calls a day still it last for 1 day 12 hours.
3. Very fast processor.
4. Recent application cleanup is so good.
5. To get some more space, uninstall some preinstalled applications which you don't want to use. 
Disadvantages: 
1. Lagging in touch key (mostly in back switch)
2. Keyboard hangs little bit when you are typing very fast or it doesn't sense any letter. It may due to screengaurd issue or lower sensitivity of touchscreen. 

 All features are good , but very very poor PPI ( Pixel Per Inch ).. Photo resolution is very poor quality.. 

 excellent product and super service by flipkart.....kudos to flipkart...hope these goes way ahead...all the best 

 I am using A6000 Plus for almost one month now and I like the phone overall a good buy price is good at 6300 special rate during the offer and its working very good touch good battery life and overall a very good phone in the price range. highly recommended and great buying. 

 very bad experience using this Lenovo A6000 Plus. heating up, charge is not lasing more than 2hrs. there is manufacture defect. don't buy this anymore. 

 no other device can be compare it with this range of price. thanks a lot to flipkart for such a low price for outstanding phone. 

 Good phone to buy with good screen quality. 2 gb ram and 16 gb rom are excellent features.
I have been now using it since 1 month and very happy with it. 

 You can say that this is also a Killer Phone just like K3 as the features are common in both K3 & Lenovo A 6000 Plus other than Camera. 
Processing Speed of 2GB Ram is Excellent.
Video & Picture Quality is Remarkable 
Battery Back up is good compared to other Android Mobiles for 2300 MAH.
Dolby Sound is a treat to hear.
Faster Charging than the other Android Mobiles
There is no Alert Signal Light for Missed Calls & SMS like other mobiles. 
This Phone is worth Buying for the Price. 

 overall good phone. every reviewer has write all good things so i don't write again. i will tell you what is not in this phone, 
1 hands free
2 notification light for charging and any other purpose
3 back-light for home back and menu buttons. 
1 point is negotiable but point 2 and 3 must not negotiable, we need to check our phone for any msg or missed call because off no notification light. in dark we have to assume back buttons positions.   

 Very good phone. I got in offer and worth price !!! Performance is superb. Happy with the phone !!! I have installed almost all the apps which we use day to day !!! Games and other apps are working really fine!!! Worth to buy at this price. 

 My Lenovo A 6000 plus is graet phone but his phone is hitting problem in chargeing and battery backup is low and battery problem stared in 3 month plz power on/off button is very delicate handle 

 good look and specification at this price..
but heats some time is only problem that i has faced..
CONS:
With so many good features and hardware it has only one major Con that troubled me a lot and that is HEATING.When i searched, i found that almost every person having it, suffering from same problem. 

 Mobile looking wise it is good, but getting heated if you use internet. touch is not that much smooth when compared with other mobiles like samsung, htc and Iphone. 

 Very disappointed with Lenovo A 6000 Plus as it is getting hang .. 1 month it was working quiet good but as 1 month passes started getting hang .. without using a memory card, nor loading or uploading done ,,,,,,,,,,,, hope flipkart..... can look after this matter ... and this is the only phone in wch they refuse to provide a year phone........ 

 It is a nice phone,Really liked it. Ordered twice and recommended to two of my knowns also.
Performance is good due to RAM of 2GB. Doesn't lag or hang. 

 All negative and positive comments are alredy there in which u can decide whether buy this phone or not ..I will only say that I am in favour of positive commenters because at this price tag the features and performance it is giving is really great and u are wise and know ur expectation from phone so think ur need and budget before buying and don't blame if this phone only for because u were expecting so much 

 Lenovo A6000 Plus is a very good handset at this price. The service from Flipkart is excellent. This are the best configurations at this price. But it heats little bit while playing game for long time. 

 Except the camera the phone is very good NO Heating Issue. Using the phone for around one month and played hours and hours of game but didn't find any heating problem and the phone is very light weight. Which I like most. Thumps up to that!!! And taking about camera, at day light both the camera is good but at night rear camera is okay (without flash and good with flash) and front camera is very average. Sound of the speaker is good and No headphone is present in the box. I use nokia coloud headphone, the sound is awesome. One star deducted for camera otherwise full marks to its performance and looks. Very Satisfied with LENOVO A6000 !!!! 

 Perfect, It doesn't get any better at this price you guys can't get better than this, one word i have to say for design,look,features, user interface .......just awesome 
Pros: Superb Rear Camera with nice pixels 8 MP Front Cam with 2 MP - 4G Support Dual SIM Snapdragon processor- 2GB Ram - 16GB Internal - 5 inch HD IPS Display 

 it is a good phone in this range camera is good. good battery back up. if it comes with lolipop it should be too nice 

 lowest price its nice . . Satisfied with the battery backup . slim & light camera quality is good. . Totally very satisfied !!! 

 worth of money. super performance...good battery life....camera result is also good...no one can beat in such price 

 I buyed one LenovoA6000 for myself. The phone looks good and decent. Light Weight and Slim. It looks good while holding in Hand. Size is also good. Decent Touch with Decent Price..It has being Delivered 6 days before the given delivery date. Satisfied. Thanks Flipkart 

 It's been a week since i got this phone...everything is good with the screen resolution the feel in my hand and camera ...
i just need a tit-sy bit-sy help, 
Where can change its 24 hour clock into 12 hour clock
it'll be very helpful if someone just tell me !
Thank you. 

 Go to Settings. Under Settings, Date and Time menu is there where you can find 12hrs., 24 hrs. options. 
I hope you get it. 

 Its the best phone at 7.5k budget in the market. Only thing I required that there should be 3g/4g service on both sims. 

 thats a best mobile under 8000 rs its a realy amezine phone  
GOOD-
its a best gaming mobile i play many game on this mobile such as high HD game 
asphalt8,injustice, real football 2015 without lag.
touch so smooth. 
BAD-
heating problem on play game many time
battery backup is average
camera is not so good 

 It has heating problem when you insert a 16gb memory card. Camera is sluggish 
Once the memory card is placed, it starts heating up immediately and the battery drops in few minutes. 

 Worth of buying.. for those who use mobile normally. Not good for frequent users.
And the Touch functionality is so poor, you have to be very carefully in touch to get your work done...other wise you need to keep on clicking on it 2-3 times for every thing.... 

 This is perfect product with perfect price.. I have bought 2, both are working superb. I love them. 
the screen,the color, everything is as expected. I liked this product. 

 1. Rear Camera was Fine .Front camera can have more resolution
2. Excellent HD Display.
3. RAM -2GB,Its more than enough.
4. Internal Storage -16GB .Its enough for normal users.
5. Interface look like old but can be improved
6. Causes Heating when U use games for Long Time but there are fixes for heating issues.
7. Budjet wise ,rating would be 9.5
8. Overall Performance is above average.
9. Buy this phone if you are looking for low budjet smart phone. 

 this mobile got awesome features at affordable price, using it from last three months and is working as expected. I'll say "Yes" for this product. 

 I am very happy with this mobile. 2 gb ram is sufficent and good graphics.Camera is good. So I recommend it. 

 3 star for this product on basis of performance. Camera quality is so poor. there is no option for return this product. only replacement is available. Handsfree is not available on this product than why you are giving battery also? We can buy battery and headphones from the market >:( 

 good product, delivered in time, packing is good enough.. This the best featured phone at this cost.
Pros:
Slim & light weight.
Smooth & good responsive touch.
Stunning display quality, and viewing angles is also good.
2GB ram (Good for gaming purpose). Good multitasking
Out of 16GBs of internal memory 11.53 GB is user available.
Both Camera quality is Superb.
Dolby Digital Plus Sound(Stereo or Dual Speakers). The quality is very impressive for in ear also for the speakers.
Battery backup is well enough for a 5inch display.
Vibe UI
Cons:
Does not support USB OTG
No back lit buttons
No scratch resistant glass
No earphone out of the box
Overall:
Performance is good. Recommended for budget smartphone.  

 Now, for all those haters, I have to say: 
1. Guys, are you serious, complaining about a phone with only 7.5 k and comparing it with the phones worth approx 20k.
2. I am using this one from last two days, and I must say, performance is rock solid. Its smooth, fast and great performer for daily users like me. Mind it, am not talking about hardcore gamers or people who need their smartphone stuck to their hands 24X7, coz I am not of them.
3. The feel on hands is very comfortable with its Matte back and its super light.
4. In this price range, you will get only one more phone (with almost same features), i.e, Yu Yuphoria. Now, it should not be too difficult to choose between Lenovo and Yu. 
Overall i want to say, if you want the best of everything then you will have to spend accordingly. I feel sorry for people who crib about everything just for the sake of it when they are willing to spend only 7.5 k. 
Guys, just go for it blindly if this is what your budget is, you cant get better than this.
And if you want better one, then don't hesitate to lighten your pockets. 

 Experience is good so far at this price. Don't take chances if you going for other product in this price group. 

 Based upon several reviews i went last for this. and sure it wont disappointed compare to lenovo a7000. its better than those we spent more bucks to other phones,. I liked mainly its inter storage. and rest all works as usal 

 worth of money and every thing is fine in this mobile. it's cost is very low but fatures are better than other mobile in same range. only one thing is bad in this product is camera. its camera quality is not too good but its ok.  

 good features in given price, but....
facing below problems:
-> Heating - if i play some car racing game or browse 3G internet for 5 mins, mobile will get heated up and battery will drain very fast 
-> Mobile getting switch off automatically if there is enough battery. Then its not getting turn on until i remove battery and reinsert. 
reducing 1-1 start bcs of these problems, else it would be 5 star 
another biggest problems after upgrading android... facing lots of defect. seems they didn't test it with 5.0.2. keep it the same version which u got with mobile. 
few of them are -
* contacts got messed up.. they are not showing names in log. 
* and no contacts coming up in whatsapp.
* GPS always set to "device only" optiom, we have to again and again and set it to "high accuracy".
* in mx player, if I increase volume to more than 10, it closes video. doesnt allow me to increase volume more than 10 
* etc etc many problems 

 Battery is not charging and when it comes to 100% again it starts to discharge in charging condition itself :( :( and it drains fastly even if the mobile data off conditions..
and its music player and video player is not syncing the media files from external memory card even if i tried factory data reset option :'(... 

 nice phone .camera quality is good..nice design. but quality of body is average
.sound also average .but lenovo a6000 plus ,a7000 and k3 note all phone design are same
no difference at all 

 wt mobile slimless its really nicceeee ithink better than moto g 2nd gen dis time most lenovoooooooooo is king dats amazing 

 i got this mobiles on 7th august 2015, within 4 days its keypad is not working properly when we pressing key another is displaying and software are not well responding , net signal also dropping , camera quality is not proficient as mentioned 8 MP in compare to another mobiles with same specification 

 Gifted this phone to my sister. Great phone at an affordable price! Good specifications. Only problem is you do not get menu or home you have to use a launcher. 

 I bought two Lenovo A6000 Plus phones from flipkart.
Initially i had heating problem with the phone but after raising concern with flipkart, flipkart technical team advised me to update the system softwares as there was some software glitch which was causing the problem. 
SO,now i am a happy customer/consumer :) 

 Tobe honest not satisfied with the product and especially service from flipkart .Mobile charging is not standing more than 3 hours in stand by mode and it is heating like any thing.Because of that issue have raised a request for replacement .After raising the request flipkart people not accepting for replacement .Dont know why they are not accepting telling the resolution steps for heating issues.Resolution steps not at all working .  
My sincere suggestion who ever want to face challege the issues with flipkart please buy it else forget about this mobile .. 

 the phone looked good, accessorise were missing, lenovo will not give u earphones. processor i doubt is 2gb RAM, phone drains battery in 2 hours. useless buy as lenovo services are pathetic. the phone as a show off looks good, thats all. no customer service and care after u pay - lenovo 

 this is the best mobile in all mobiles i had use in my life but there is only one missing features in thi phone that is display protection company should be care abour the display for protection 
except display protection all the features of the phone is awesome 
sound quality 10/10
display 8/10
look 8/10
weight 9/10
battery backup 9/10
performance 10/10 

 Please don't buy this product. within 2 months of buying it first developed sound problem and then the keypad crashed. Since a month it is lying in the service center. 

 this phone function well but it has defect that is over heating. plastic which was used look like cheap phone  

 i am writing this review after 1 month usage multi functioning is awesome, smoothness is good, gaming experience is also good ,touch and battery is value for money 

 outstanding performance in this price & Spec,Better buy some other phone because of its cost Good mobile for beginners and budget phone users. You get for what you pay and the super sound is a bonus. 

 Amazing speed. Nice phone with great features. Only the problem is it's battery which is not sufficient for a day's usage. Bit disappointing one. Other than this, every thing is fine and fantastic. 

 This is my first lenovo phone from flipkart and I am much satisfied till now.
Pros:
- Great Screen. The pixels of screen is sharp.
- Nice Battery Backup.
- Touch is great.
- Dolby sounds make the phone more audible. Good sound.
- Camera quality is better. 
Cons:
- Vibe UI.
- Lock Screen pattern have a small issue.
- Cheap plastic.
- unnecessary apps.
- no otg support. 
But still the phone is price worthy. Waiting for official Lollipop update from lenovo. Thank You Flipkart. 

 The phone was working fine for a month. It has started giving problems with the touchscreen thereafter. The touch is suddenly insensitive and /or hypersensitive, certain areas in the screen seem to be totally insensitive to touch permanently. At other times when you touch a particular area, something totally unrelated in some other area gets the touch and it activates. Thought the phone was a good buy but am now not so sure about it. Lenovo call centre is always busy and am not able to contact it. 

 I bought this phone last week, this is a good product in this range ... I read some reviews, in that many people specifies some drawbacks , i too accept that but with in this range this phone is superb... U need best with in the best means dont buy this try to go more then 20k. 

 pros...
rear camera 8/10
front camera 7/10
speed 8/10
display 9/10
antutu benchmark score is 21098..
cons...
otg not supported..
no headphone 

 Not worth spending 7500/- on Lenovo A6000 Plus Along with me many have bought and have sold it out in the market within a Month. 
the drawback is there is no Clearity in making Voice call! Which i think they have ignored. A phone must have voice clearity other wise it's of no use!  
Wi-fi is not strong enough to catch a weak signal 

 I Love its performance ,Battery backup, display .
But Camera Quality is not like 8mp camera. There is many dots presents in Captured picture.
And also disappointing by This phone does not come with earphone. And Normal earphone is not supported by this phone only iphone,samsung earphone work with it and they are too expensive. 

 Great mobile on this price , good performance no hang , power backup is good .
only 8MP camera is not up to mark , i have another samsung 8MP camera fone its has great picture compare to A6000 model.
overall good product on this range . 

 problems:
1 Touch is not properly working
2 somtimes it takes 2 to 3 click on the icon to open
3 camera quality is not upto the expected level(pixel is so poor) 

 Nice product for the cost, nice futures, useful to me, Nice product for the cost, nice futures, useful to me, Nice product for the cost, nice futures, useful to me 

 For the price tag this phone is awesome. Rear camera could have been better. On the whole very much satisfied. 
Again very efficient delivery by Flipkart. Many thanks for that. 

 as far am using, this is good, but to compare A7000 some features are missed like power saver, camera features,setting options whereas memory capcity is 16GB superb.. 

 first of all touch is very smooth it is very much good, battery backup also pretty good but, although it is coming with 2 GB Ram its performance while gaming is average, some manufacturer problems I had face, one is mobile was totally hanged and second one after replacement loud speaker problem . so I have requested for refund to flipkart they have accepted it after checking my mobile by using 
smartchek application.by flipkart technical team. 

 Thanks for this deal.
Battery stands for 5 days with wifi internet connected 18 hrs/day.
No lagging, 2GB RAM makes it cool 

 Very low price with awesome features and phone performance also good.
No heating and no sucks.
Dont wait just go for it...
only camara qluarity is normal. 

 Best deal in this category : camera, speaker, processing, etc.
Happy to buy from flipkart.
Quick delivery with proper handover. 

 Phone specs good. Major issues that i found with this phone is heating problem and low voice clarity. 

 ""U should have to clean the ram for battery and heating issue...""
very good specs...
rear camera 7/10
front camera 8/10
vibe ui 8/10
antutu benchmark score is 21098..
who are critising that for its minor cons want to tell u that- is there any other phone which will give u 16gb rom and 2 gb ram??? so focus on the major qualities
cons...
the icons of the vibe ui like cartoon characters..
otg not supported..
minimum ek headphone to dena chahie tha..
screen is sticky type...finger impression becomes visible 

 Awesome Mobile never expected such an amazing features is available at this price point quite happy and will request Lenovo to provide an earphone also.rocking Mobile, 

 This is a really nice phone from lenovo and the fact that they have upgraded RAM and ROM to 2GB and 16GB for just 500 rs is a nice thing. 
Having no issues with the phone. will recommend this one. 

 its an absolutely jhakkas phone in the range of 7500 and the cam quality and sound quality is awesome....and processing is lightning fast. 
a tru value of money by the veteran company LENOVO...... 
go fr it ''''''''''''''.............'''''''''''''' 

 I have purchased this mobile on 500 Rs less (offer on 7th and 8th august 2015 using flipkart app).I received the mobile on 11th august 2015.I thought flipkart will provide a best quality even on offers but i now feel its not true.When i switched on the mobile for the first time it didn't startup.After 1 hour of charging only the mobile started up.For the past one day i have been using the mobile i noticed that the camera quality is worst compared to online reviews of the photo samples shown on Websites and Youtube videos.The images captured on both the front and rear cameras has digital noise (grains) which looks very bad.As well as i have purchased Moto e before one year on flipkart which has only 5mp camera and has no digital noise issues on photos still now. I don't understand,This worst quality is only because of your offer you provide ? 
I expect quality rather than offers you provide.I have requested return today 13th august 2015.I hope flipkart will definitely replace with best quality mobile and let me give a better feedback again on this mobile. 

 Have been using this phone for last 2 months now. Never faced any problem or inconvenience. Only problem is battery recharge takes as long as 3-4 hours. It lasts for more than a day which is fine for me. My usage includes 3g (not full day), gaming and normal use. But since i m in IT job so recharging not an issue for me. Rest all is very good in this price 

 I m using it from last 1 month and doesn't face any problem at all. Phone run smooth with heavy graphics games and apps. No heating problem at all. It heat little bit while charging but that is normal for every phone run on snapdragon processor. Battery life is great. 

 I have been using A6000 since 6+ months...no complaints at all...brilliant phone...camera superb....display superb...battery pretty awesome..no issues at all...since then i purchased 6000+ 02 cells for family and same experience...NO ISSUES AT ALL....truly worth of every penny invested... 

 at this point of view its good value for money .. the screen resolution is not that good while watching videos 

 Great Budget phone for 7.5K, never expected a 16GB ROM and 2GB RAM for such pricing.
Pros : 2GB RAM, 16GB ROM
NO HEATING
Good Battery Backup
Cons : NO Notification LED
Speaker sound is low 

 at this price this is the excellent buy which is exclusive from Flipkart..in future we are also expecting this kind of product in affordable price range.. 

 Stucks sometimes and usually hard to unlock touchscreen..which happens everytime..
otherwise okay..hope the standards are improved in the future 

 this company provides worst phones, lenovo keeps working on fixing the bugs it has, all this phone gets is firmware updates to fix the bugs, lenovo said it would provide lollipop by the end of second quarter i highly doubt it will provide lollipop atall!
processor:on antutu it scores 20000-/ but thats what you get for 7.5k also that score doesnt really matter as it can be cheatable
ram:2gb on it doesnt make any difference in multitasking as the 1gb ram in a6000 was more than enough(speed not improved)
gpu:isnt good atall, hardly it provides 20-22fps 
battery:great battery life lasts one full day with 1hr gaming 1hr video playback 1hr of call, but the worst part is that there is o quickcharge the phone needs to charge for 3hrs to fill the juice from 0-100%
camera:worst camera, the exposure isnt good, all we get is faded images with rich sunlightbackground, there is no details atall on zooming, there will be green patches/dots all over the images and it says how ageold sensor is used in this, the flash is too bright and all we get is a white photo if we use it
bluetooth/wifi isnt strong enough even though the bandwidth is high the same speed will not be on the phone
phone looks cheap plastic made, the screen guard provided can be scratched with barehands, no earphones in the box, no 3g in second sim, the back cover isnt tight enough so the water will easily get into it
software: wow well done lenovo by providing such a shitty software, it would be top selling phones if they just kept it in stock rather than ruining the experience, there will be constant lag and frame drops in whatever you do eg,swipe in appdrawer/or swipe from left to right of apps in home screen, swipe in settings,swipe in browser, lags in games frame drops makes the games unplayable and lenovo hasnt released any firmware to fix this.
you can easily say oh! thats why this phone is cheap by simply using it for first 10min, and lenovo has provided many such things
my recommendation is to buy motorolla moto g 3rd gen you will be paying 5.5k more and you will get a phone which has no complaints atall 

 1. features are truly worthy..
2. sound quality great
3,camera could be slight better 
4. flipkart delivery great as expected 

 Phone gets frequently switched off and quality of Voice through Headphone is really bad.
Finally i returned the product 

 When i purchased this phone i was excited and later on using this phone after 4 days it started Network issue and every time it hangs and when i called to customer care they said you have to update your software .. 

 I purchased the phone in month of may. After using some time there are 2 hardware issue. 
First is location receiving is not consistent. When you use navigation after every 2 min it says GPS signal lost.
Second issue that it corrupts the memory card after use of 2-3 day. I made complaint and support team suggested me to reset the phone. 
Yet to be checked. 

 Everything is good but one disadvantage is battery backup........but thats not too poor its dont have higher life... 

 Big no for Lenovo products....heats like anything. waste product....i would suggest big no for this product. 

 Flipkart service is very good
Pros
1. Great Price - Value for money
2. Slim - Nice build.
3. Without 3G battery backup is very good.
4. 16GB internal memory is great
5. 2GB ram - No other phone is offering in this range
6. Camera gives decent decent pictures. 
Cons
1. Little more heating issue relatively
2. Battery back up in 3G mode is very less.
3. No headphones in the box. 
Over all Good phone and economic price. 

 Excellent mobile with smooth functioning and very light waited. 
look is good, easy to carry ..................2 GB memory gives good speed to application. 

 I received the mobile in good condition. But as said in the website, i didnt receive the freebie AIRTEL 4G SIM. Also, there is no ear phone in the pack. 

 hi friends i have got this device
this device is very fine but one think is this device is not support for pen drive 
in this camera is very fine 

 Lenovo A6000 Plus! but in mobile shows only Lenovo A6000, Video Quality is good, and Image Quality also good, Battery backup good, but Audio quality is very low, no headset with this mobile... 

 Good Mobile and huge space available. But not happy with battery backup. Touch lso feels good.
But unhappy while seeing this model without earphone 

 in this mobile phone, camera quality is not so good (front & back both), there will be a system to check Specifications before buying any electronic/mobile item. 
i am not satisfied with this phone due to camera quality 

 Great Phone with Excellent features..Light weight, Silky Smooth, it worked very well with high end games too. Overall this phone exceeded my expectation !!! 

 mobile is nice by the configuraton , but the camera clarity is not tht gud
if u r thinking to buy this phone for camera then dnt buy it go for g3 

 one of the two phone touch screen for keyboard became defective. re boot also not helped. one phone performance 5 star other 3 star due to defect. will inform about service later 

 Really Really good phone no hanging problem no heating and working so fast smoothly Im happy with both the Cameras, it provides sharp images and HDR is Outstanding. 

 So far there is no problem with this phone. At this price and the features offered are good. Sound is good, picture is good. Operation is easy. 

 Recvd the right and genuine product....satidfied with the product and price as well............................................................................................................................ 

 i am rating this phone as a 4* in low price range, rating 1*less because i think camera is not 8Mp. photo size is hardly 600kb. which is equal to a less than 5Mp photo size. camera focus sometimes may irritate you. 

 bad product no help provided by flipkart and lenovo both, both say contact each other , lenovo service is even bad.. 

 hi all,
I"M Narendra Afrom Hyderabad 
this is two months review on Lenovo A6000 Plus.
# good display
# light weight
# camera good
# battery backup excellent
# Picture clarity Superb within this price.
# While taking a video, just click a snap u can see the Pic.
# contacts sometimes it loses and if we restart then it is okay. 
Verdict: U can buy this mobile without any doubt..at this price. 

 Product is good but camera quality can little bit more better but overall is good. 
Look wise very smart phone than others in this range and front camera is good screen quality is also good. Battery backup is also fine 

 This is very good phone for its range. I am using this for last 10 days, no issues.
installed around 20 apps; good .. no struck... 

 Excellent product for the price. This is my third Lenovo phone. I am happy with inital performance for moderate use. I would have liked a bigger battery, but what is provided is decent. It is actually a throw away price. Even if you do not like it, it will not hurt you much for a n one year next buy. 

 Used only for 7 days. Very nice smart phone with reasonable price.Bought it for my cousin ans she is very happy with this phone. 

 I bought this mobile on last month. I am facing charge issue since last two days. Its taking more time to being charged and its getting down immediately. Mobile is automatically became heat even i am not using that. planning return that if this case again happening 

 Speed and operating wise good
Camera comparatively not good
Multi language not support...
Functions are not like Micromax...
Light weight, comfortable,  
Dont' go through Price, 
Always go through functionality.. 

 I am happy with product.Nice one within budget. 
Overall good Mobile.Buy from flipkart only. 

 lenovo 6000 plus is not a good handset it showing over heat and also not getting battery backup , performance is good 

 it is best specification at this price point every body should buy it. Thanks Flipkart for instant news. 

 Nice Phone in this Budget .. No compare with any other Brand. Good Stylish phone.
No lagging problem on playing game with high Ram. 

 The phone is good considering its price point. It beats almost all phones in this price range. 
Pros:
1. Very nice display, colours are really bright and good
2. Battery backup is good, it last for 1 day quite easily with normal usage
3. Sound quality is very good.
4. Phone is light weight
5. No lag while playing games, browsing, watching video, etc. 
Cons:
1. Though the phone has 2 GB, 900 MB is used by the system
2. They do not provide headphones 

 VERY GOOD N VERY SATISFIED WITH LENOVO AND FLIPKART TOO...
CAMERA IS GOOD AND BATTERY LIFE IS EXCELLENT THANKS TO LENOVO FOR THIS PHONE 

 after using a month i feel this is good and superb in performance, no lags, everything fine.
but i believe that its hardware are quite low quality no lollypop versions , which feels sad. 
about flipkart...its really a fantastic service!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! cheer...
i got some issue on phone but thanks to flipkart and his team once they replace a new one and this
2nd one also have probs nut they refund my full money. 
excellent service... 

 Amazing speed. Nice phone with great features.  
Talking about the App's that are pre-installed, please do remove the ones that you feel are not required or else, disable them as possible. 
Dolby Digital Plus Sound(Stereo or Dual Speakers). In fact it is a delight for music lovers. The music can be customized the way you want, with tons of enhancements & customizations for both speaker and In-ears. 
In short, value for money. 

 very good phone in this price 
pros : lifght weight
 16gb internal
 2gb RAm 
Cons : Touch problem
 Old type buttons 

 I have Received Lenovo A600 Plus, without Headphones. Now days I think headphones is a basic requirement. I don't know if it is missing or it is not provided. 

 in the beginig time cameras front and back good but start from offers, its camera is some problams 
performance 5/5
design 5/5
sound 5/5
built quality 5/5
camera 4/5
total 4.5/5 

 I hv been facing problem wd heating - sometime unwanted application run -during listen music-song change or stop 

 well, i expected tht the camera will be good after seeing reviews but the camera quality is very poor. the captured pic are full noisy and unclear.
i m really disappointed ,i wanted to return it but there is no option of returning it, we can only replace it. DON"T BUT THIS PHONE AT THIS PRICE!!!!!!! 

 Lenovo A6000 Plus bad phone. battery has long time to charge apprx 8-12 hr. and phone automatically discharge. 

 A helpful 16GB of storage and 2GB RAM, an 8-megapixel rear camera, a 2-megapixel front camera, 4G connectivity, Bluetooth 4.0, and a 2,300mAh Lithium-polymer battery. The camera is not bad by any means, but will not always take good shots.The Dolby-tuned speakers are decent for a phone of this size.If you do manage to pick one up, rest assured that you've spent your money well. 

 the android is good but camera clarity is not much clarity and some times it is hang due to heavy load. other than that set is good 

 Good one !! brought two in a row in 2 days ..
Flipkart delivery and the phone both are awesome. I wouldn't write the comparision as many techies has already written the same thing. One simple thing guys and gals GO FOR IT !! 

 Amazing mobile at bast price .4G, 2gb ram, 16 gb internal memory good camera(both front and back) pre loaded apps + Airtel 4G sim free. I got it @6300/- 

 This is one of the best Mobile in Lenova Brand  
Plus +
1.Nice voice clarity
2.Good Future
3.Net Surfing is very Speed
4.suprb Camara
5.Best Operating sms 
Defects 
Volume is very low 
cont here mp3 songs 
Dr.K.D.Reddy   

 Very Reasonable price and delivered in in-time.
Mobile is in good condition and love to use it.
Thanks to Flipkart team and seller. 

 awsome mindblowing but it just a copy of i phone which is also awsome nice for selfie.......drawback no magnetometerawsome for this range under 10000 

 Do Not Buy this phone its useless no service hangs most of the time, heating proble. one of the wastes i have purchased. 
dont buy it from flipkart as well when reported to them against the phone not working they are denying to report a complain as i have called on the 32nd day of purchase really its a nonsense phone. 

 All features are found to be good. The Only negative is it takes long time to get charge. Anyways its 2400 mh so you can expect it to happen. 

 NICE PHONE WITH BETTER FEATURES I WILL GIFT THIS TO MY YOUNGER BROTHER , LOOKING IS GOOD , 2 GB RAM IS FOR PLAYING GAMES, WATCHING MOVIES, SURFING NET.. 

 very good product from lenovo.at dis price dis is d jackpot for me.i recomend u to buy this phone with zero heshitation.jzt close ur eyes nd go 4 it....its awesome 

 According to me phone is awesome
Battery back up is great(if u are a moderate user battery lasts for 1 and half day )
camera is above average takes good picture in good light conditions
takes decent selfie with 2 mp camera
gaming experience good
processor and 2 gb ram provides a overall good multitasking performance
sound quality is good as it has Dolby Digital Plus
so according to me its a must buy go for it blindly 

 I've been using this phone for the past 2 months....Build quality is poor...all plastic...I've replaced one within 15 days as the touch screen was not working. 
I've seen so may updates coming through google and other apps that now 16 GB is not sufficient...and I do not want to use a memory card as it will turn into a water heater. 
Battery drains out very quickly. It lasts only a day with continuous WIFI usage. 
2 GB is good. Does the work..well.....waiting for Lollipop to taste its 64 bit crunchiness. 

 its such a great phone in this price....
i goes 4.5 rating to this phone
battry superb
buy 1 more for mah friend  

 Hi guys its worth for money u can buy it and regarding config its Quite good compared to other Products .
Coming to camera its not that much good.
Battery backup is good   

 Hey guys, its VFM. I have used many phones in this range but Lenovo is the best that's why i am writing review about this phone. Believe me its worth spending 7500 instead of 7000 for heater like YU Yuphoria. You have to compromise on some things like eCompass but i think that is OK. Writing review after using it for 20-25 days. 
Pros:
1. Awesome display
2. No heating problem at all.
3. Battery backup very good, it lasts me 1.5 days after using continuous internet
4. Love UI, you can short our apps and keep it in separate folder. I really like this feature which almost every chinese manufacture is providing in their UI.
5. Games work smoothly, no lag till now.
6. Lots of storage options, you can move apps to sd easily. No worry! 
Cons:
1. No OTG - I can compromise on this, not an heavy user of external storage like pendrives etc. 
2. No compass sensor - Lenovo must give this, as it is very essential. 
3. No backlite on buttons - This should also be there which adds more value to the product. 
By the way Flipkart is awesome in delivery, i ordered and received within 2 days as actual delivery was showing 10 days.. Kudos team!  

 You Will Call Me Crazy For Calling Power Machine To It...
But At 7499/- Its The Best Device I Listed Out..... 
I Called It Power Machine Because I Played All Hi-End Games On It and they ran buttery smooth No Overheating Issues After About 40 min Of Gameplay..  
What I Disliked Is Camera Quality If I Rate Camera Only Then It will Be 2 / 5
 Even I Can Say Selfie Camera Is Better If Compared With Primary..  
Incoming Call (Ringtone) Volume IS Too Low And If You Kept Your Dolby Effect Mode On Then It Will be Toooooooooo Low ... :D  
Primary Camera And Speaker Ate 1 Star.... 
Ordered Another One For My Brother @ 6299/- Will Get In 2 days... 
If You Are Not Worried about Camera Go For It.. 

 Dont buy this phone because in this phone every month new problem is coming
 V.   

 1.Linovo A6000 Plus is very user friendly. 
2.Only one problem is its temp become 40C.. 
3.a6000 plus good... But after updation camera captured blurry images... After updation take a picture and zoom it you will find a blurry image. Now compare with picture which one you take before updation.. And see the result.  

 Going through the review and with suggestion from my colleagues, I bought it. Post buying surgery reveals the phone up to the mark to me and matches with the expectations. Not going too deep on the configurations part, but the phone being very sleek and light-weight makes it very catchy to feel. Supplied with a Glossy Screen Guard (I got it - not sure if it is included every time or a time-bounded offer), do ensure that you make it to your nearest gadget store to get that pasted on your mobile (if you are not an expert in getting that done by yourself). Saying this because, this Product is a Online availability only and accessories related to this are not available at retail. Just like every new smart phone, this is very fast as of now (my phone's age is only 4-5 days). Need at least 6 months for the performance testing. :) 
Only thing which is a kind of cons is the Picture quality. 8MP though, but snaps are not that good or excellent quality if you are very concerned on that topic. Rest looks absolutely ok/ 

 Mobile pretty good , its a budget mobile but according to market their should con on quality of product. Front and rear camera both are good in day time. So my overall rating of the product is 7/10 

 This phone has a manufacturing defect.extreme heading and shutdown problem.even if you got a new replacement from flipkart you will face this, because its is by default.battery drains in 3 hrs.read other reviews here and also in google. 

 amazing 2 GB helps for non stop gaming and battery is superb... ultra fast 4g.. best mobile
nice display with 294 ppi. but there is no gorilla glass...   

 Received parcel with trembling hands but all fear went away when i saw the Lenovo A6000 Plus.Its a real beauty...A nice smart device.. very fast even on 2g network..
Really superb smartphone i have been using it for 3 months. 

 Good phone after 1 months using. Both camera is also good and it has good specification 1.2 quad core processor and it also has 2 GB ram. and the internal memory is 11.2 gb out of the box and u get 4.4 kit kat at last its good phone and i suggest u have to buy it 

 I AM RECEIVED THIS MOBILE YESTERDAY ITS NICE SOUND QUALITY IS VERY GOOD 
CAMERA QUALITY IS AVERAGE NO HANGING VERY NICE PROCESSING IN THIS PRICE IT IS GOOD FOR PARCHES 

 Phone is fine. 
Camera is not good. Heats up when using net.
No Headphones. Just did not understand why. 

 Main impression in this mobile is Design and performance and 2gp ram and lastly 16gb internal memory.
but there are some drawbacks also
Mainly resolution was not soooooo impressive...
even hd videos and hd wallpapers also appears very low...very low..
is the only drawback since i faced.
and camera also...just okay...
redmi note camera is faaar better than this.
and 
major major major problem is ear phone.
Lenovo is not giving ear phones with the box.
except these problems.....remaining all are excellenct....
i am repeating..
design was very nice and performance also soooo impressive...  

 One of the major problem getting with this mobile is getting switch off and didn't get ON until u remove & place the battery.If u on the lock screen button for 2 or 3 times with a 1min time gap then mobile will switch off automatically and did not get on.some times it will get off with no reason. 

 i have been using this phone for more than a month nd i would say thtat this the best phn in this segment with good camera 2gb ram 16 gb rom.the best part is the battery life and light weight.Just gooo for it!!!!!!! 

 using a 6000 plus since last 1 week and its working flawless... till now no problem ... at this rate its must buy ....if any problem arises after use will update the post 

 Hi, I have buyed Lenovo6000+ moblie last month and it is not working proprly, it is getting switched off suddenly.. what do i do now. can u help.  

 1) Battery getting down even when sim not inserted.
2) Battery getting down even when Bluetooth, WiFi any other connectivity is off.
3) Mobile is getting heat on rear side, even when it is switched off. 
Extremely worst product
Dont fall in to a trap because of the brand, it is like any other ordinary Chinese brand
Flip-kart is good for sales not for returns and customer care handling.  
Review Update 1
1) Seems to be working fine on 2nd day.
2) Flip kart Customer care guys did try to resolve the quality issues. 
Overall verdict
GOOD 

 VERY NICE PRODUCT.NO HEATING PROBLEMS.NO HANGING.IT IS LIGHTNING FAST.SO HANDY TO USE.WEIGHTLESS DESIGN IS VERY NICE TO KEEP IN POCKET.SELFIE IS SUPERB IN QUALITY.BUT REAR CAMERA IS SO ORDINARY.OVERALL LOOK OF THE PHONE IS NOT SO PREMIUM. 

 it is a awesome phone which i had purchased from flipkart last tuesday... 
merits
. perfect sound clarity(dolby)
. good cam
.upgradable to lollipop(announced by lenovo)
.16 gb internal and 2gb ram
.sar value i 0.9 and 0.8 
limitation 
.speaker is backside of the phone
.we do not get headset along with the phone
.do not support otg...
.delivery got little delay 
 by considering other all features i suggest a6000 plus rather than a6000 or a7000 

 i purchase this phone in 7000 k from flipkart aap...its a very good phone in terms of technical specification or look...thanks to lenovo giving such a good phone ... 

 Ordered & received in 2 days in good condition
Pros:
Good screen resolution
Quite responsive (Have not seen any lag so far)
Both cameras are decent
Decent battery performance (runs 24-36 hours)
Decent speaker & audio playback
Very good phone in price range, Good value for money 
Cons:
Touch buttons below the screen are not backlit 

 this phone is really very fast and has a good performance in its battery life
the only thing is that camera quality can still be improved.otherwise everything is fine and excellent.though this phone costs rs. 7500 it has features worth a rs.12000 phone 

 Working good ,all features ok, good processor, Eight mega pixel camera clarity is fine 
Light weight easy to carry 

 Advantage : Good Battery Backup
light weight 
Disadvantage 
Poor Camra
No ear Phone
No light in screen
no notification by displaying light 

 nice phone . all fetures are very good to use. have good camera front side and back side and also very usefull internal memory and ram of 4 GB to process fast. 

 Pros
1.Very handy
2.Good design
3.Good Battery life but not great
4.Rear camera is good
5.Affordable price
Cons
1.The display colors looks over saturated
2.The front camera is not good.
All over its a good product for this price range you can go for it. 

 i have purchased more than 6 nos of same model for my friends ......................................................................................................................... 

 Good phone at reasonable price. Photo clarity is less though the camera is 8 megapixel. Android version is not upgradable. 

 calling conversation / voice not clear on both side.
functions for the price are very much acceptable
touch screen working well
but only at the time of calling, the voice of any side is not that much clear; that disturbe the complete intention of calling  

 Initially it was having heating issue, but after formatting micro SD card in mobile issue resolved. the mobile is best in 10000 range even better than lenovo a7000 and k3. 

 poor battery, bad touch,sound is not as expected,disply problem etc many more... 2gb ram looks like 256mb ram on other devices like motorola, samsung etc 

 Thanks to flipkart very good service i got in two days and about mobile also good all features but some negatives are camera is not good n eberthing okay 

 Needs to be Rebooted every time. Low quality audio software. Not all video formats are played. Battery is OK. Cannot resume audio if call comes in between. Change the seller immediately if flipkart needs to survive. 

 mrp at market is 7500rupee and at flipkart 7499 rupee sell by ws retail.
and u save 1 rupee..... wow thats really great..
i think u should buy from market.
camera quality isn't upto mark.
nokia 5 mp camera is much better than 8mp of lenovo 
 
lenovo A 6000 plus back camera with flash is not working properlly
then i am refund the lenovo a 6000 plus phone. 

 Excellent product , just try 
If headphone available - it's batter 
price is also good  
 . 
 . 

 from the first day it had a network problem.replaced tht one n 2nd phn i got have a touch problem.i bought 3 phone all three phone is problematic.if you want to value your money dont by this product,n flipkart support is too complecated.delivered replacement with wrong iemi no,it is worst buy,DON'T BUY THIS PHONE. 

 No one buy that mobile. With in 2 months i changed battery and mother Board.
Still am having issue. Mobile is generating too much heat. Compare to this nokia basic mobile is 1000 times better. Better dont buy this mobile. Dont waste your money. 

 perfect smartphone with great looks,good camera,good sound,sleek and slim and ofcourse the battery backup,one of the best within this range. lenovo has really launched a good product. thanks to flipkart for quick delivery. mine got within three days nly. dnt think. just buy it. wil never get a phone in this budget from a reputed brand like lenovo 

 this mobile is more heating and some time dolby is not working.after reset phone its work.cemera qulity is not good. 

 Battery back is one of the backdrop
Battery charging very slow this is one of the backdrop.....
Remaining are very good...... @@@@@ 

 Liked the design and sound. The display is too good. I bought this for my father, he liked it a lot.
One improvement required is that the navigation keys are not back lit. 

 Real budget phone,the phone i guess heates up a lot but its fine.dont compare it with other phones of higher rate. 

 really good product & worth to buy. No hanging, good speed & all regular problem reduces, except heating. Even its worth to buy for 7000 rs. Enjoy!!! 

 lenovo A6000plus phone was amazing its screen resolution was excellent battery back up is good operating system is very fast it is best phone under 10000 

 The phone is nice . Picture quality of the back camera is moderate. Battery superb..Vibe ui useless. Sound quality better than best. Sometime gets heated up. Charging time 2 hrs. BIg RAM and ROM so no trouble of hanging and storage. Flashlight is so bright that it can make anyone blind. When connected to computer sometimes the device memory dosen't show up. 

 had updated using wi fi 
10 days back now trying to check for update /add email id 
phone is connecting to wifi but not connecting to the net 

 Got it at Rs. 6299 only applying offer. Nice and Decent Product in that price range. Running smoothly till date since 1st July. 

 Nice Mobile in budget price. Camera is good. Fast due to 2GB RAM & 16GB ROM. Overall performance is good. 

 according to price 7499 ithis product is accurate...
but no headphones and with no light on navigation buttons... 

 pros
rear camera-8mp front camera-2mp
internal memory -16 gb
dolby speaker
5 inch screen
light weight
2 gb ram
cons
too much heating after playing game for 10 minutes. i heats up when u operate while charging also. sometimes it touch lags.
if u do not use mobile much then go for it otherwise go for some other smartphone 

 SUPPERB MOBILE. NO HANGING PROBLEM, NO HEATING PROBLEM, SLIM AND STYLISH. SIMPLY SUPPERB PRODUCT FROM LENOVO. 

 Hi, 
Battery back is really waste, you need to charge atleast thrice in a day. 
Mobile gets switched off twice in a day. 
Better go for better quality product... 
Poor quality front camera...  

 Battery Drains immediate, while 3hrs of run get more heat, i more to proud the flipkart service done n excellence delivery but the product not much worth  
Pls replace my battery since its n under warrenty, 

 It is one of the best product from Lenovo with 16 GB internal memory, 2 GB RAM 8 MP cam and 4G connectivity. Only disadvantage is that it doesn’t have OTG connectivity 

 I got defected piece. After using a week, It create a battery issues. only 1-1.5 battery backup. Charging time 5-6 hours. Most importantly heat a lot, unable to pick the call 

 touch is not that much smooth, back panel is very delicate and working fine till now
heavy gaming not possible with this mobile 

 please if you purchase due to camera then my advice to not purchase the lenovo. because after updating the software quality is not good especially camara. images are not clear and after small zooming the images blurred 

 ...........very poor quality mobile, lost my cash.................................................... 

 Its avareage phone as per price ita have some issue like system update not coming on regular basis and touch is very hard. 

 mobile was super but touch automatically work & not in our control .message typing more letters automatical typed.. 

 Good Product in this Price Range.Plz. improve on inbuilt sensors (Magnetometer Lacking).Provide Handsfree/Ear Phone with the Phone.
Thanks. 

 After new updates camera quality was decreased, Red and Green dots in images when i take photos....and i love this phone 

 Product is not of good quality. Audio and camera quality is poor. Lenovo cut corners on all quality aspects. Overall it is substandard product and not worth the price. 

 i ordered this mobile some days ago after this i got this mobile . its wrost mobile in my life. heating like frying pan 

 WARNING: DO NOT BUY LENOVO MOBILES until they become stable in the market. 
Now a days lenovo mobiles are VIRAL from flipkart's sale. 
I bought a A6000 plus for my bro and it had battery issues. You know why ? its coz of a stupid software issue... if there are .mkv files then the software will try to do some action repeatedly and its more or less like a virus that drains your battery and soon you will blame the hardware while it is doing its best. 
Check these links ... 
https://forums.lenovo.com/t5/A-Series-Smartphones/issue-in-lenovo-a6000/td-p/2031063/page/4
https://forums.lenovo.com/t5/A-Series-Smartphones/A6000-plus-media-server-drains-my-battery-and-produce-heat/td-p/2077899/highlight/true/page/2 
Stay alert. 
I still love lenovo, my laptop is 3 yrs old and it never had a single issue. LENOVO is best but they need to focus more and it takes time be stable on a mobile tech, letting such a bug to kill thier image is something actionable. 

 It is a very good mobile. All function is very good. Camera quality is still good. 2 MP camera quality is good as compare to 8 MP camera. Battery back is average. Overall product is good. 

 I am giving 1 star because I cannot give less than that. This is worst phone is worst smartphone I've ever used. It have too many hardware issues. In four months it has 2 months down time. 
- Battery heating and draining anonymously.
- Phone doesn't have any secondary password retrieving system.
- Phone just shuts down out of nowhere. One moment earlier it is fine and than just poof it's off. And as it is a hardware issue you cannot do anything about that.  
And than comes service. It's worst service. First of all they doesn't take your phone for solution for minimum 2 days and reason " Server down ". After that they'll take minimum a week to solve issue which other company service center solves in 2-3 hours. 

 good and smart phone.
very good battery.
slime and budget phone
worth of cost
very good respond flipkart.
very good seller. 

 Have 7500 as your budget for your next phone , then go for lenovo a6000 plus ,its Value for money 
sleek, stylish & handy 

 If you are not concerned with the android software updates then this is the best phone available at this price. Good cameras , great battery life , lovely display , sweet speaker sound & perfect form factor are some of the highlights of this phone. I would have been more happy if lenovo could have packed in a pair of earphones, 

 Nice phone in this price. Camera 8/10 sound : 10/10 4G :7/10 battery life 8/10 Performance : 8/10
Video : 6/10 Game speed : 8 /10 

 All features are good.No Heating issue,Battery performance is good.Front camera is very good.Clarity is clear.Touch Screen is also good.Overally phone is good. 

 Just After 1 month - basic function like vibrating function not properly working.
also battery problem... overheating problem 

 PHONE IS SUPER
HOW ARE USING SOTHELY
 2GB RAM IS SUPER WE GOT 1GB RAM AS FREE AND 11GB INTERNAL MEMORY FREE
NO LED NOTIFICATIONS LIGHT 

 i am using since last 3months but till now no issue.
Good handset in this range
.................................................................................. 

 I got this phone in flipkart sale with 500 off + 10% SBI discount. So I got it at 6300.
you with not get any mobile at this price with this spec.
phone quality is also very good 

 This is a great phone for the price. I gifted it to my father and he is happy using it.
I then bought the same phone for myself. 

 Good product at low cost 
Positive: 
Thanks Flipkart- Thanks Lenovo............... 
Nice 5" screen resolution
2 GB RAM -Nice working
8 MP Rear CAM-beauty shooting
Zero dead Lag
16 GB internal-more than enough
Dolby sound is extra ordinary feather of Cellphone 
 Negative: 
OTG not supported
Earphone not in the box 
 No problem just go for it, enjoy the Lenovo..............  

 This mobile is to much fast.
no hang problem.
I used other company's phone but lenovo a600 plus is better than other phone. 

 hangup problem and many more issues are found in that mobile so we aware to purchase because its give so much configuration but not upto the configuration 

 Nice phone ,,Apps are running smoothly without hank but battery drains within 2 hours,,anyway I am satisfy with this phone 

 overall it is a average mobile with a decent benchmark of 21k...
front camera is really good
Rear camera sucks.....although average picture size is 3.5 MB...but resolutions are poor...Camera Catches a huge amount of ISO....
Specification mentions it has Dolby Speakers...the sound quality sucks when u put dolby speakers on...But normal speakers are decent
Yureka Plus,Yuphoria,A7000 are much better options in almost same price Range 

 Lenovo A6000 plus is a best android smart phone in this price range.It's been 3 months now. No problem with this product ,Rough and Hard usage. Battery time is for one day. No ear phones. Sometimes Heating issues depends on usage(If you play a hard core game for 5 mins it's become heat.. 2GB RAM and 16 GB ROM , Good Display. What else expect from a 7500 Mobile? 

 Its almost a month since I am using this phone. Presently I am using Moto G2 with this handset. U can rely on my opinion though I am not an expert but an avid user of smartphones and a techno geek and have used mobile with almost all platforms Windows, Android and IOS. So heres the review for Lenovo A6000Plus- 
1. Looks: Good.
2. Battery :Excellent battery backup. Lasts a FULL DAY with normal usage (whatsapp, games, internet surfing, etc)
3. Camera : Not very good but adequate for general photos.
4. Performance : no lags, works smoothly. The 2GB RAM takes care of everything.
5. Display : Decent with Lenovo UI (I found Moto UI better)
Conclusion : Best smartphone in this price range (better than Moto e2) 

 First of all great service by flipkart, got this phone in one day by flipkart and with good packaging.
The phone is working like a charm, couldn't find any flaws till now. The phone comes with lots of customizations option and some cool themes, The camera quality is bit low but that is what we could expect from a budget smartphone, the phone is also light in weight. The build of the phone is not firm so handle it with care. 

 within two month after bought this phone touch did not work properly 
i just shocked it happen just in two month ............. 

 Nice product , Worth for money in this range with 2GB RAM and 16 GB internal Memory. Performance is good . 

 battery is daily use in 4 hour not pic up in mobile,and camera clearance not good ,but internal memory is better ,secondary camera no clearance , totally mobile very very dummy pice , plz friend not purchase in lenovo 6000 plus 

 my phone's touchscreen stopped working after 2 months, phone still in service center after 2 weeks .DO NOT OPT FOR LENOVO. 

 Nice phone with great feature at nominal cost.
looks good & slim......................................................................... 

 Excellent phone with low price and high features. This is my second phone, so far working fine. Nice front and back camera resolution. Low weight compared to sony xperia. Should have been better voice clarity and sound. Other wise, best phone for those budget is not more than 8000 Rs. 

 thanks for flipkart for replacement phone, I think not better services for flipkart but I am wrong ,so I thank full to you 

 flip card is the best of shopping of the site lenovo is the very good android hand set but my choice is the color of white you are keep the stores that is sow in site 

 I have purchased from flipkart in month of May. This is very bad experience with it. This phone getting hot in every 01 hour & then battery got dried. Customer support of lenovo is also very bad responses. 
Not to suggest any one to buy this. 

 i m posting this review after three months of usage
it is a perfect smartphone in this budget
great features
2gb ram
16gb inbulit memory
8mp camera 
4g/LTE support...
it is a great phone in this price..
working absolutely fine..ao issues at all...
everyone is praising the phone.. 

 I would seriously recommend this to everyone who are looking to grab a phone around 7000 rs. this ia steal deal. sleek design and handy. 5 inch is still better then 5.5 inch phones. 

 please dont buy this product,.battery drains at a faster rate , by playing temple run only,it becomes hot. GO FOR MOTO G 3rd GEN.  

 this product is very handy with so much good features for this money. thats why i recommended this phone for two friends and they purchased it.
pros: 
good display
cell phone never lags
good audio
balanced 'body to display' ratio
Internet surfing is also relatively fast.
cons:
i have noticed considerable heating problem even in the normal use when compared to lenovo A7000, Micromax canvas knight A350, and Panasonic p81.
i believe that this might be the effect of 2GB ram 

 Satisfied with the overall performance.. But unsatisfactory delivery service took 12 days to deliver.. 

 I have been using this product about last month. Great product in its price range. Don't think so much about to buy it.thumbs up for this. Gaming experience also satisfactory... 

 i m posting this review after three months of usage
it is a perfect smartphone in this budget
great features
2gb ram
16gb inbulit memory
8mp camera 
4g/LTE support...
it is a great phone in this price..
working absolutely fine..ao issues at all...
everyone is praising the phone.. 

 Till now i bought 5 mobiles for myself and friends n Family. You can understand how the product is from this. 

 No issues till now. Bought in 2nd flash sale and was delivered in 2 days. Its almost 3 months now and I don't see any issues in it. Good mobile for this price. 

 Good smartphone. Really great value for money. Very much satisfied with the product.
Delivered on time by Flipkart. 
Just one disappointment of the product is no backlight for the 3 keys. Annoying if we use it at night times, but can get used to it very soon as the day progress.
It is good to buy a nice quality Flip Cover to protect our phone from any damage due to accidental drops. 

 1)The doesn't contain handfree set.Which is available for even a phone costs 2000
2)Tried to black list certain numbers .But it's not working.Call manager software need attention 

 I received my order very less time.But as of i seen when i booked the order with phone 4g sim and one more free offer is there.but i didnt receive anything with the phone. 

 I purchased 6 phone A6000 its amazing ...wonderful phone...with good feature..
plz go n buy from here on Flipkart..... 

 This mobile is awesome but led notification is not in this mobile and full screen touch option is not in a6000+ mobile but mobile working is awesome:) 
  
Camera of A6000 plus is not good.
Photo is blurred even with small zoom. China phone can capture better images then this mobile. 

 Bought this product about a month ago looks good.but very worst in performance. backspace key is not working at all,touch screen problem is there, can't send even a single message Struggling for past four days to replace the product. Flipkart continuously trying to convince me with the defective one. Totally disappointed with flipkart. 

 Touch screen very bad. Does not respond correctly. Sometimes difficult to open the pattern also. Cannot input the number correctly. 

 I'm using it for 3 months. its fantastic. It would have been the best in this price range if comes with a 3000amp battery. 

 i m using this mobile since last 2 months approx
it have great & superb & smooth touch & very good camera quality so i just love this mobile
thanks lenovo 

 my lenovo a6000 plus purchase on 24 june but 31st july suddenly buttery not proper working and it is mostely heat  

 Review after 3 Months of usage. 
Good Processing speed and Average battery. Ok for this price. 
Persistent heating issues. Restart issue only when using WIFI. It is just an OK phone. Response from flipkart for replacement was quick and I am satisfied with it(initially the phone was not detecting the SIM) 

 1. Good Sound Effect
2. Good Specification
3. Poor Camera Quality
4. Head phones not given along with phone
5. No offers. 
The major drawback is very poor camera quality.Overall the product is good. 

 I have using this mobile, getting better performance with new experience 4G connectivity. Internet accessing very fast but battery life is not good. 
Over all is good in low cost. 

 I tried to Call the service center of Lenovo in Delhi NCR for my phone from the list provided by Flipkart.
But either the phone number does not exist or the person said that it is not lenovo service centre. 
Pretty Disappointing :-( :-/ 
I want a solution from Flipkart Side. 

 Good phone under Rs.10000. Lightweight, quad core, 2gb ram, 16gb rom, dolby audio processor etc..Only disadvantage is no headphone. 

 The phone is quite handy, with highly recommended specifications and features. However, I know it ain't Flipkart's fault but Lenovo's that they should have atleast provided with an earphone. 

 I have brought this mob last month, now i found an touch error i cant use my mobile today only i gave to an authorized service center but they asking 500/- Rupees for service under in an warranty period really its an cheating what the hell it is i dont know , no proper solution 

 I bought this just because it is Lenovo. I expected it to be better than Micromax/Gionee/Xolo. however, it s does not seem so. 
The loud / audio speaker is too low. 
Camera seem to be fine, focus is multifunctional 
Battery is Ok 
Overall build of phone is sloppy. 

 This is really an excellent phone in this range performance is great all features are awesome good job lenovo :) 

 Really frustrated with Lenevo A6000 Plus:
1. It is getting restarted while use.
2. While phone number pad if I selects 2 it types 5. That means phone's number pad is not working correctly. This includes touch issues, phone hangs frequently and touch stops working. I have to restart phone once every hour to let touch works.
3. Network issues with this phone, voice cracking and an incoming caller can hear not reachable message on calling. Even when Flipkart technical team called on 30th July 2015, they also found phone not reachable. 
Regarding flipkart services:
It is really good, when I told so many issues they got ready to return the phone. Flipkart's return service is really good. Really appreciate Flipkart's work. 
I recommend:
I recommend others to buy a different phone from Flipkart, this phone is not really worth spending your money. Please do not waste your time and effort with this phone. 

 The mobile Lenovo A6000 plus was delivered on 27.07.2015. Everything was working fine for 20-25 days except battery(not having desired battery backup). Now for last one week the SIM network is not showing, whereas both SIMs are showing their operator name with Activated check. I have restarted many times and restored defaults also but no change is status. While trying to call message appears to off Airplane mode, whereas the Airplane mode is already off. 
Presently my phone is not working on SIM at all. 

 I have purchased the mobile in flipkart website, Within one week i got a touch problem for this phone and my friend also purchased for this phone and getting the same problem. So don't buy it. 

 I don't know if it's just my phone - But I'm not getting a mobile signal on my new Lenovo A6000+ for long periods. Even when I get the signal, only a couple of bars show.
My earlier Xperia SP, Xperia X10i and BlackBerry receive the signal, with the same SIM card. So, it's not a SIM/network issue.
Over the last several days, I restarted, removed SIM, reset to factory settings - Everything you do in such circumstances. No use.
I read on some Lenovo forums that several people have the same problem.
I'm planning to return the Lenovo A6000+ phone. 

 nice phone & battry backup is too much good .  
good loocking mobile hd display .touch is very good  
 cc 

 good phone at such a price great processing with snapdragon, nice design, 2Gb ram is sufficient ,no hangs no lags even playing high graphics game. Camera quality is too good ,front camera selfie are quite nice with good detail. 16Gb of internal storage is good. Most attractive part of this phone is its light weight that made u feel very good. Slight heating on playing games that's quite obvious for quad core ..... 

 good service with flpcart 
LENOVO A6000 PLUS is plus , but however have some minus !!?? 
 1) camera - not good  
 2) performance and other's -good  

 Very poor battery & camera having lots of issues.
Please don't sold these product of lenovo.
Getting automatically off & after not switch on till battery remove from cell. 
Camera 8mp but very poor clarity in night mode & in room. 

 SLIM AND GOOD. VOLUME IS LOW IN PHONE, LOUDSPEAKER OK. ONLY EAR PHONE OPTION NO LOUDSPEAKER FOR FM. SLIGHTLY HEATING UP COMPARED TO OTHER DEVICES. CAMERA CLARITY NOT GOOD ONLY ON ZOOM SHOTS. TOUCH AND NET ACCESS IS VERY NICE. WORTH IT. 

 Love this phone. With 16 gb memory it is exactly what i was looking for. All features are excellent. Definitely a good buy for the price 

 I would love to give the five star rating to this product if they could add the USB OTG feature into it, i guess a software update can resolve this issue, Over all a good value for money product. 
Battery life of this phone is really lasts for 1 day with heavy usage, i.e. dual sim use, 3g, 2g browsing, 1 hour of music playback, half an hour video playback, half an hour of hard core gaming (like asphalt 8, RR3) and numerous calls, only down side is the charging time, it takes hell lot of time to get fully charged. 
Uptill now i've not experience any call drop, or poor reception of the voice calling signals. 
So all in all good product. 

 HI THIS IS RAMU I BUY A LENOVO 6000 PLUS AT 3 MONTHS THIS PHONE IS HEATING AND SOFTWARE PROBLEM,RECENTLY MY PHONE HAS DOWN THE CHARGING I MET THE LENOVO CUSTOMER CARE SERVICE THIS PHONE IS SOFTWARE PROBLEM. 

 i purchased this 2 months back and its very good mobile in a low cost. 
all features are amazing in this mobile 
if you are going buy a smart phone low cost i storngly suggest this. 

 Product performance and features are very good. cam quality to be improved little bit but it is not bad. over all good value for money 

 Using from almost last three months, heating issue resolved by using Greenify App & must format SD Card before using, battery lasts all day long by using normally. never hanged till date & works smooth as expected. no bounds for installation of apps. Stills & Videos clarity is outstanding. my only drawback is that if both sim slots should be 3g then that will be better, one slot is only 2g & other one is 3g/4g, my both sims are 3g, i have to change sim slots oftenly as per my data plan. nothing to loose at this price range you will get it all. 

 I've experienced the touch screen to stop responding right after a month of buying. It's got a little water that went in due to rain and the screen stopped working . I've contacted the service center and they would tell me it'd cost 5000 to get it repaired. Rs 5000 for a phone that has an MPR of Rs 7500 . So you mean to say that the strip alone is Rs 5000? I've seen the inner parts of the phone and the strip that connects the processer to the screen alone has gone wrong and they want me to pay 5k for that. 
Thank You lenovo. Will not consider buying any more such phones from you . 

 Great product but with some snags, the battery problem when you insert a SD card and put soem .MKV files the battery worns out as quicly as in a flash , the only solution is not to put more files in the SD card 

 full heating issues and no battery backup, i hate this mobile so i send for replace and sold to some other person. I suggest pls dn't buy this product 

 value for money 
this phone is very good, geart camera, 2gb ram, 16gb internal memory so its run so smooth.
this phone run every high graphics game so smoothly, and 8 mp camera pic size 5mb.
this is superbbb phone.... 

 proS : battery charge stays fir 25 hours as standby for 100% charge , sound clarity good , rear camera good.
conS : heating of battery during charging , back case less tensile .   

 No head set itz a discouraging factor ...... i am unhappy without head set in this lenovo a6000 plus , no user guide book , no notification sensor and no led light notification. And at last no back end lights 

 Camera was very good in the beginning. It's suddenly decreased in quality after using one month.
Really very poor image quality both front and back camera.
Not sure how to resolve this. Lenovo support also very bad. 

 mobile is good but got a defective charger. mobile performance is good.
display is excellent and picture perfect. good mobile at reasonable rate. 

 Pros:
Stunning display and looks, light wait. good battery life. 
Cons:
While long play the game, the phone heats up. 

 Been a while I purchased this set for my Dad. Does not lag, smooth touch. cool performance. I wish i had taken this for myself.. The only thing it does not have is LED indicator but with this price I believe I got the best deal.. 

 Worth for money......
Some one who is looking for big screen and long battery life i would suggest this one. 

 I've used for 1 week than I got an offer and I sold it for same buying price, I expected a new device from Lenovo so I did like it. Apart from what i did the device is extra ordinary. No heating issues 

 Good one for basic users, I bought for my friend, He feels happy about the product with many features with quality at low price. 
Nothing to comment except one 
Battery: for Smart phone standards its poor  

 touch is not working well.
& hangging problem . Heating too much....
custmer care service very bad...
Replacement warranty only for writting. cant replacement 
dont purchase product on this site..... 

 I have you used this product .this is a best phone in this price .all In one phone . no earphone . 
GENERAL FEATURES
Brand Lenovo
Handset Color Red
Form Bar
SIM Size Micro SIM
Model Name A6000 Plus
Touch Screen Yes, Capacitive
SIM Type Dual Sim, GSM LTE
Model ID P0SB004BIN
In the Box Battery, Handset, USB Cable, 2 Pin Wall Charger
Multimedia
Sound Enhancement 2 x Speakers, Dolby Digital Plus
Video Player Supports MPEG4, 3GP, AVI, WebM
FM Yes
Camera
Video Recording Yes, 1280 x 720
Flash Yes
Other Camera Features Auto Focus
Zoom Yes
HD Recording HD
Rear Camera Yes, 8 MP
Front Facing Camera Yes, 2 MP
Internet & Connectivity
Audio Jack 3.5 mm
Preinstalled Browser Google Chrome
Bluetooth Yes, v4
4G Yes
Navigation Technology A-GPS, with Google Maps
Wifi Yes, 802.11 b/g/n
Internet Features Email
EDGE Yes
GPRS Yes
Tethering Wi-fi Hotspot
USB Connectivity Yes, micro USB, v2
3G Yes, 42 Mbps HSDPA; 23 Mbps HSUPA
Other Features
Sensors Proximity Sensor, Gravitation Sensor, Light Sensor
Phone Book Memory Yes
SMS Memory Yes
Call Memory Yes
SAR Value At the Head - 0.939 W/Kg, At the Body 0.822 W/Kg
Important Apps Vibe UI 2.0, Lenovo DoIT Apps
Additional Features Vibrator Mode
Warranty
Warranty Summary 1 year manufacturer warranty for Phone and 6 months warranty for in the box accessories
Dimensions
Weight 128 g
Size 70x141x8.2 mm
Display
Resolution HD, 1280 x 720 Pixels
Other Display Features 5-point Multi-touch Display
Color 16 M
Size 5 inch
Battery
Talk Time 22 hrs (2G), 13 hrs (3G)
Standby Time 264 hrs (2G), 264 hrs (3G)
Removable Battery Yes
Type Li-Ion, 2300 mAh
Memory and Storage
Expandable Memory microSD, upto 32 GB
Memory 2 GB RAM, 16 GB ROM
Internal 16 GB
Platform
Operating Freq GSM - 850, 900, 1800, 1900; UMTS - 2100; LTE (FDD) - Band 1, 3, 7, 20 (2600), LTE (TDD) - Band 40 (2300)
Graphics Adreno 306; 400 MHz Speed
OS Android v4.4.4 (KitKat)
Processor 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon MSM8916, Quad Core 

 Only one thing i am not getting how to disable the beep sound after every one min during call.
its annoying. Many a times you feel that the call dropped.
Otherwise Phone is good..... 

 Lenovo A6000 Plus a worst phone i ever seen neither it has battery backup nor it charges quickly 
neither its service is good i will never recument for this its totally waste of money 

 The OS is Kitkat here, which is not the latest, apart from that you wont find a single drawback, the sound, picture quality, speed , RAM , internal memory, processor, I loved all of it.
Very beautiful and attractive phone. 
I will recommend to go for white color variant , white looks fabulous than the black color. Red I could not find in stock else I would have gone for Red for sure. 
Anyway, Phone is awesome, packed with all the best stuffs in it. Worth spending money 

 it looks like my gf. i love it. im not talking best its good, handi n obbisly smart looking smart phone . camera f- good / r-also good. for this price. 

 Worth buying it.
Nicely packed with speed and performance. Display is brilliantly good. 
Only 2 major problem
Battery is little low as compare to features given.
Camera is OK Ok, dosent give you a good effect of pictures. 

 After one month 5 days the phone Touch did not work, after complaining to Flipkart they showed me the return policy of one month, They are calculating days from the date of invoice, not from the date of delivery. 

 very bad dont purchase this i have experenced in 2 months.
battary backup is not good
heat more
no network
hanging
restart agin and again 

 The touch pad started malfunctioning after 1 week of use. Errors keep popping up like "Unfortunaetly ContactManager is not working" 

 Good product (except fast discharging of battery) with nominal price Over all good product 

 Its just making some kind of pain in the chest if kept in the shirt pocket. Apart from that phone is worth the price 

 I am using this mobile and it is perfect in every way, good battery backup, nice speed, great sound and good cam 

 this mobile is just awesome which comes with 2gb RAM. 16GB internal and all other amazing features , cant express in words dont look any other mobile best phone in cheap value just buy this...... 

 Runs on android 4.x, has wifi / mobile network internet connectivity issue - connection is not consistent. Other devices on the same network do not face this connectivity issue. Not sure if it is just this piece but still all pieces should have the same quality when it comes from a quality conscious company. Call audio quality not very great on the built in ear piece, heating on 4G LTE / GPS makes it uncomfortable to hold. Who knows when Lollipop dream will be fulfilled. Multi-tasking is a pain compared to lollipop. On positive side the UI keeps all the apps on the home screens itself so no need for a separate application page. 

 I have received the phone the same day I ordered (ofcourse Rs.90 extra). Great Job Flipkart. It's too early to comment, but I am very happy with the purchase. 

 Pros : 
Vivid display
2gb RAM , enough for playing heavy games
410 quad core chipset, very fast 
Cons :
No led notification
No usb otg 
No gorilla glass protection 

 Using this phone from last 7 days and still no problem
works very smooth
awesome display
cameras are good at this price
The yuphoria wins the race by a small margin 
but you are getting a brand name i.e LENOVO 

 I have purchased mobile through flipkart & received the order by yesterday. 
The mobile has been turned off automatically, I was worrying that might been continues. 
If it happens again i am planning to replace the mobile. 

 GOOD PRODUCT AT NICE PRICE. TOTALLY SATISFY OF BASIC NEEDS IN SMART PHONE.
GOOD SELLER DELIVER PRODUCT WITHIN SHORT TIME.
LIKE TO BUY MORE.
THANKS  

 i got handset through flipkart.
Flipkart service very well. but Lenovo a6000plus gets hang and also touchscreen not working...
any updates from Lenovo after updating handset gets worst 
my camera was fine but after updating its camera clarity gone to worst.
please be careful to buy LENOVO because service centre of Lenovo will show you there attitude and they will make you more irritate 

 I have purchased a Lenovo A600 Plus, but this phone is very poor performance and getting hang withing 2 min. to access any app and shut down automatically. I recommend to all don't buy this phone. and suggest to Flipkart you are a big brand and don't sale this type of cheap phone which is totally making people showing high configuration but performance is very bed. I have requested to Flipkart to return my device and also return my money in my Flipkart wallet to that I can buy another good brand phone 

 "wow awesome............."
nice product and so low cost when compared with other online shopping websites.. worth piece go for it guys.." 

 I used this phone since 2 months it is working good.
It's battery, camera etc working too good.
I also suggested to my friends and I also bye 4 more phones for my friends they also very happy with this mobile. 

 Its a good buy for the money, 2 GB ram and 16 GB rom better than Lenovo 6000
 but no headphones and no upgrade to Lollipop available yet 

 it's just a awesome phone but a little bit heating issue when you start calling for a long time or after taking few pictures 

 Using after 50 days, Its my review..
Good:
Performance wise so Good. Browsing and applications running fast.
Nice video and camera quality.
Bad:
-Battery Draining So fast. (Shows Media Server Consumed 50% to 60 %) battery in 3 hours coming 100% to 20%, even I am not using mobile, kept in Stand by.
Deleted all Media items, Then also same issue.,
-It wont support other USB cables, Supports only Lenovo/Samsung Chargers.
-If you lost network, you have to select the network manually,
-Camera button is not there, like nokia device.
-Poor Navigation panel when drop down.
- No Volume option , every time you have to press button.up and down.
- connects to 3G network slowly.  

 Awesome!!! Flipkart got this delivered on 2nd working day...!! 
I got this for just Rs. 6300 during the app sale and SBI 10% extra discount. Making it the BEST DEAL!! 
The phone is smooth and fast for running multiple apps. Display is clear. The sound quality in the headset is great as it is enhanced by the Dolby. If there was a headphone provided in the box it would had been good as had to buy one.  
Camera is also good. But now after a month the pics are having grains not sure why. If this is fixable it would be fine.  
Form past one month the phone had got switched off by it self for about 3-4 times even if there was enough battery. Had to take off the battery and put it again to switch it on. 

 It didn't even fall off a very good height still the screen is broken, however glass isn't shattered. It would be considered under a physical damage, so cant even claim warranty. 
Before this mishap, phone was working very fine. 

 Bought Lenovo A6000 plus after so much of research at times i was in dilemma as to whether i should buy this cellphone because while going through some reviews I found users facing heating issues but I didnt bother and bought it...it has been nearly a week and it is working perfectly fine and no heating issues......I feel that heating problems depends on hoe u use the product and it may be any product for that matter.
Awesome phone anyone who s looking to buy a budget phone shd go with Lenovo A 6000 plus, 

 Nice Phone The only one thing i purchase this phone for its key thing, that is Ram and Rom, other thing is ok and handy to use depend upon user. 

 worst screen ,my screen has broke and its quality is bad ,my suggestion is not to take the product.product is some what not satisfaction for me ,because of quality and with that light weight ,my screen has broke without any interruption  

 Adv:
 1. Reliable brand, you can get service care near to you.
 2. 2GB, RAM also 16GB, ROM at this price range. (1.3gb/11.6gb approx. free)
 3. 4G connectivity :p 
 4. 8+2 Mp cam with #flash noise cancellation mic.
 5. 294ppi / 16M display (5") 
 6. Ultra lite 123gms only......!!! with 2300 mAh battery.
 7. Good touch, & ifirior Gaming Performance. 
Drawbacks:  
 1. CAM is moderate. not so good :( only 720p , Auto focus do very poor work :'(
 2. Charging time required 2.5 hrs. can heavily use 24hrs.
 3. very poor back cover plastic, & no gorila glass protector :(
 4. No head phone in here in the box :p
u can bye a back cover, shielded screen protector....... & also a ear phone 4rm retail shop (y) 

 I used this product from last few days.Good product,nice look but photo in zoom possition is not good.After little use it became hot. 

 I bought the lenovo a6000 plus on 23rd july 2015 and I am satisfied with all features of phone. But when we are using WIFI phone is getting overheated. I am not thinking it is normal,but the flipkart executive who interacted and made a smart check of my phone was telling that "41 degree" is normal for this phone. At the time of overheating the 2300mah battery also drained. But all other things in the phone is awesome and value for money. But the temperature raising is a concern for the phone. 

 i got this mobile in 3 days, flipkart you rocks
talking about this mobile greate design, slim,light in weight,even it doesn't hang
go for it. no heating problem 

 1. I bought this phone and got it delivered in 4 days. So i say that's good.
2. The performance seems good enough for a budget phone.
3. Battery charging seems to take a while long.
4. Rear camera is good enough. Selfie camera is just basic.
5. Supports 4G so that is a great feature.
6. RAM is great and so is the Internal Memory which is around 11.4 GB usable out of the 16 GB.
7. The capacity to install applications on the SD Card is also a great feature which helps in keeping the internal memory quite empty.
8. Screen is very good in size and display.
9. No earphones provided in the box. 
So, overall, a nice phone to have in a budget price. 

 Within 15 days of use a particular part of the touch screen is not working. Also always I am getting 2G signal in both of the SIM slots. 

 This is the most cost effective phone I have ever used. The Lenovo quality is as good as always!! The 2Gb ram is the most awesome feature it has to offer!! The camera quality is also pretty good. The touch is way to awesome to use. The only reason I am giving it 4 stars and not 5 is because of the heat it produces. It gets pretty heated after a period of time, but dont al phones do. Other than that its a perfect Smartphone. 

 screen is good 
touch also good
2gb ram 16gb internal
battery is fine
camra is good
fine mobile but body not so good.
3.5 out of 5 

 This is a very good product. I am using it without any problem. Long battery life, no heating problems, Good for gaming. Camera quality is OK.
Cons: No Ear phone inside box and length of charger cable is small 

 Awesome and handy handset with an affordable price. I would recommend anyone who wants to buy with the budget of ten thousand below. 

 Awesome delivery, 
Nice product,Good design, 
Worth for Rs.7499/-Along with excellent multi-tasking, the 2 GB RAM of this Lenovo device ensures that applications and games run lag-free. The 16 GB ROM easily accommodates all your favourite pictures, music, videos and games 

 It has only been the third day since I have received my phone and I must say I am overall very satisfied with the phone. Flipkart delivery was great (although I took the option of guaranteed one day delivery and indeed got the phone delivered in mentioned time-frame).  
If you are looking for a budget smartphone, then don't give any second thoughts and blindly go for this product. It has everything in itself which a high-end smartphone will have.  
Merits:
- 64-bit quad core Qualcomm Snapdragon processor gives it the wings. It is lightning fast and I am not sure if this can be upgraded to Android version 5 Lollipop but if it does, it will be no less than a fighter jet. 
- 2GB RAM makes it super fast and thereby running your applications simultaneously without hanging them. 
- Sleek and slim. Only 128 gms of weight and it feels really decent when you hold it in your hand. 
- Amazing sound quality as it is powered by twin dolby digital speakers mounted on the back side to give you a powerful yet quality sound.
- Battery life is good
- Primary camera is amazing and also the front camera is not that bad. LED flash is also fine but the phone is amazing for daylight photography.  
Demerits:
- Phone doesn't have any LED indicator which is not really a problem but if you have the habit of looking at the indicator lights to see change of color for any miss call or low-battery indicator, then it might irritate you a bit. 
- The backlit on the touch buttons is missing which infact is a problem.
- The phone has its own UI. But then, all Lenovo phones have their own UI and not the Android stock UI.
- Takes a liitle longer to charge.
- Not so exciting display but comparing to the high-end phones of 20-30K budget would be a partiality. 
Phone is highly recommended for the moderate users and it will be worth your money. 

 i online buy 5 lenovo A6000 mobile.2 mobile in defects found. and defects is not ignorable.
each in camera problem and each in network problem............... 

 Better then expected with only 1 draw back you cannot install compass in it. It doesn't support. will recommend all to go for it if compass is not your requirement. 

 The phone heats up fast even while charging and without SD card. Battery drains also pretty quickly. 
Any solutions for the same ??? 
Average phone. 

 I got my Lenovo A 6000 mobile in a good packed condition on 25.7.15 which was suppose to be delivered on 28.7.15. Another hook shot from W S Retail which went out of the stadium. Keep it up. As on date I cant tell much about the products condition as its only 2 - 3 days I have been handling the product. As of now its good. A small issue is I am not sure whether the product comes along with a hands free (headset) or not. If not can we have an original one and where to buy the same. 

 very nice and it is a budget mobile also... 
 Solid build quality
 The matte-ish finish on the back, along with the slight curve near the rear edges, gives the device a nice feel
 Compact, slim and easy to use
 Very good speed/performance, backed by latest generation of 64-bit processors, and 2GB RAM
 Decent camera
 Decent loudspeaker (Dolby speakers)
 Good battery life
 4G support 
-
 : DnsG : 

 AWESOME PHONE WORTHY FOR 7.5K. I AM USING FROM FEW MONTHS NO MORE ISSUE HAPPILY ENJOYING .PLEASE DON'T WAIT HURRY UP TO GRAB THIS PHONE 

 seriously my biggest mistake to purchase this phone...battery draining in 3-4 without using the phone..phone is heating up badly  
and the most worst thing is flipkart mention that phone can be returned within 30 days but they actually dont follow their condtions.... 

 Except camera everything is good. I haven't seen any battery issues so far. 2GB RAM and 16GM internal memory makes it superfast and even heavy games works fine. If someone is not photo crazy then this is the best phone in 7K-9K range. 

 Delivery of product got delayed, but Lenovo A6000 Plus is best buy phone in the market. Economical and good quality. After months of research on various phones in market, I have purchased this phone and my decision was correct. I would recommend this phone for all as this falls in better budget and best features technically. 

 this phone i bye 1 month back
1.excellent look 
2.very slim 
3 good audio sound 
4. excelent front camera is dominate to 5.0 mp camera
5 battery pack up excellant it gives up to 2 days with any type of normal usage
nagative_
rear camera gives not perfect impression but not bad 

 Ultimate Smartphone..... Sony, Samsung , Nokia etc are Super Bakwaas Phone Company
Bettery Backup are ultimate
Camera Quality so Good
Weight like so easy 

 Phone quality is so so.but display glass is really poor... it cracks easily & no service regarding this frm lonovo 

 really a good phone,  
thanks a lot flipkart, a good phone and an awesome discount over that, its superb. 

 very nice phone in a affordable price with all major specifications without hanging and nice video streaming. just the sound volume is bit less though the dolby atoms gives good effects of music 

 I am very happy with this phone. Totally paisa vasool. :) 
Its faster like anything and battery backup is also too good................!! 
Thanks Lenovo and Flipkart. :) 

 No words to describe..
Simply fantastic..
Camera quality is ver nice..
Storage is enough..
Better than any phone under 18k..
No lagging and heating issues..
Lastly,
You can go for it blindly. 

 I am really happy with the phone. The camera quality is good. Good speed, good display everything is great for 7.5 k. Thank you Lenovo and Flipkart!!! 

 Phone will switch off frequently. raised request to return & provide new piece. Please check with your friends before purchasing this phone about performance. This seems Rs.7499 is not worth. If you pay another 1500 will get better feature phone. 

 Mobile is more heating, charging taking too much time and get it reduce automatically very soon. In chennai service centre BOSON India Ltd on 25-07-2015 i have given servce that time with in 1 hr i met 7 peopls with same problem. dont buy. 

 awesome phone... loved it...!!! seriously... best phone within the range of 6000-8000 /- range
surely u will love it... !! :) perfect one.... 

 I have been using this phone past 1 month. I can safely say that this is the best phone available in Indian market at this budget.
Only couple of cons are there which can be neglected-
1) LED notification is not there.
2)OTG support not there.
3)Back-lit capacitive buttons not there.
4)Charger does not fits firmly in the socket due to small pins and design issue with the charger(buy new charger if the original charger pops out now and then) 
Giving 4 stars only because its charger is not good.
LENOVO NEEDS TO WORK SERIOUSLY ON MOBILE ACCESSORIES.  

 Hi everyone,
 Whos looking for a budget phone with descent spec., this is the right choice im using this device for past two months and im satisfied with the performance of this phone. battery lasting for more than one day for moderate usage. every device produce some heat while using 3g so this device too.
good tempered glasses available for around rupees 300 so need not worry about glass protection. USB OTG support is not available. no other complaints. 

 1stly this one is good budget phone. 
good:
1. looks
2. battery life
3. functions 
bad:
sound quality
camera 

 As i said the tiny con which has evolved out of nowhere :- Vibration has totally stopped after a month of purchase.
And the pros, as i can see, are lumpsum rather infinite and above all i am in love with this phone.
ram speed , multitasking, gaming, and such huge memory space are really seductive specs!! Camera is brilliant. Videos are gorgeous. Battery is a healthy one if u uninstall the loads of inbuilt craps. Overall a hi-5 to everyone seeking this product ;) 

 except camera everything was good in this price tag.... 
hd display,sound quality and speed has very good... 

 camera not gud.Pictures shot indoors having lots of noise and distortion. On zooming the image/video quality drops drastically.Overall performance gud.No heating problem.A reasonable product at this price. 

 All is god with out battery . Battery back up just 12 hour. I bought this phone. Rear camera flash Is not good. The phone is very fast processer. 

 I PURCHASED 10 DAYS BACK DELIVERED 2DAYS BEFORE DUE DATE BY FLIPKART THANK U
BATTERY BACK UP IS VERY GOOD NORMAL SPEAKING AND SOME APPS DOWNLOADING BATTERY STANDS FOR 40 HOURS.SOUND IS OK TOTALLY GOOD WORTH FOR MONEY 

 Awesome Product and Great Service from Flipkart. Superb and quick service. 
Good and appreciate .  
About Product, Very nice features and battery life is very good. 

 First of all i thank to Lenovo for this low budget phone. Then I thank to Flipkat for owesome delivery timing. Guys those who facing heating problem I have a suggestion for them. I also faced the same. My problem was from microSD card. my problem is solved with samsung evo. You can try this. 

 Purchased last week. There is no illumination of Home page - Home key, Return key and the other key. This makes application cumbersome especially during the night. No instruction book is sent along the despatch of the product.  
Ramjeevan Chennai  

 BEST PHONE @ 7499 IN INDIA I AM USING FROM LAST 4-5 MONTHS BEST MOBILE IN 2015
THANKS LENOVO A6000 I AM HAPPY 

 This phone is not good for professionals...
following problems
1. It takes 3 Hours to charges the phone
2. After Charging it last for 6 hours
3. It starts heating after half an hour call 

 In all the ways and comparision wise, mobile is awesome,RAM and ROM is good, screen quality and weight of the mobile also good. Over all performance is good, worth for money......
But Battery is little bit draining ... 

 Nice product from lenovo, Good quality only one cons they are not providing ear phone with phone.
Camera is good, sound also good. 

 Amazing speed. Nice phone with great features. Only the problem is it's battery which is not sufficient for a day's usage. Bit disappointing one. Other than this, every thing is fine and fantastic. 

 "Lenovo A6000 Plus" one drawback in the product in this range are battery. Battery runing time with net aprox 2 h & without net 3 h .
i am giving 3 star on the basis of battery drawback other-vice Lenovo A6000 Plus have a qualty of 5 stars. 

 Excellent phone, good speakers and vibrant display.
Sufficient memory and excellent back panel. Although the guard with it was average and earphones were not provided with this piece if you are not looking for a high end phone(~20K) then this is a very good choice. 

 THIS REVIEW IS AFTER USAGE OF ONE MONTH
lenovo and xiaomi are truly the game changer in indian market by releasing budget smartphones which really worth its meaning.
first i would like to thanks flipkart for their superb service i ordered my lenovo a6000plus on 22 june and received it on 25 june really satisfied...
now lets talk about smartphone i'm not gonna talk about its features becoz its given their but only pros and cons...
let me tell you their is only pros and very few cons 
pros:
>2gb ram and 16 gb rom at a price of 7499 infact i buyed it at 6999 on 22nd june.
>No lags no slutters no slow down no bugs very few here and there which is negligible.
>5 inch 720p screen amazing color production camera is though not so good remember its a budget android smartphone.
>light slim doesn't look cheap at all
>faced no heating problem yet
only thing left to say you should go for it 
cons:
>lenovo has parted with some sensors like magnetometer (for compass), gyroscope and few but that really doesn't matters a lot
>camera quality is not so good cause its a gaming phone with high on performance
>vibe ui2.0 is nothing in front of miui6 but not so bad its ok and very simple
>no gorilla glass and headphone which is disappointing but you have to accept if you have tight budget
note: they provide a screen guard in the box but i would suggest you to buy a tempered glass for the phone 
some tips and tricks:
on lock screen if you swipe to left camera will open
on screen if you swipe down with two fingers main menu will open
you can also take screen shot if you hold decreasing volume rocker button and power button together and increasing volume rocker button with power button you can send report to lenovo 
let me tell you lenovo is providing updates very quickly for this phone and when they will roll out android lollipop update for this phone then it will be amazing experience. 
one more thing if you want to know more about this phone you must watch videos of "geekyranjit" on youtube he is amazing...!!
if your budget is 8000 approx and you want camera phone i would seriously suggest you redmi note 4g its awesome i have used it a lot my friend bought it, mi is awesome only drawback its single sim device and runs on kitkat 4.4.2..!
Thanks for reading. 

 Hey, the device overheats all times.Media server drains battery and overheats the device.But camera and all are good..Worst customer service from LENOVO.... 

 It is the best purchase I have ever made on Flipkart. Nice phone with all features and under nice budget. Gifted to my younger sweet bro and recommended to alot of people. Loved the service provided by FLIPKART. KUDOS 

 PROS 
2GB RAM
Good performance
Decent camera 
CONS 
Battery life is below expectation
Display could have been better 
The Lenovo A6000 Plus is a small upgrade over the A6000 which came out in February. Since then many manufacturers have come up with new devices and the 7K smartphone now has contenders like the Redmi 2 and the Yu Yuphoria. The Lenovo A6000 Plus relies on tried and tested hardware with some spec bumps and that’s pretty much it. It may be slightly higher priced than its competitors but at least performs at par. 
Unfortunately, the A6000 Plus still has average cameras and no protective glass on the screen. It would have been great if Lenovo had addressed these problems as well, but the A6000 Plus is still an excellent device for the price. 

 This was the best phone ever under 20000.... including samsung galaxy s3 and above and htc desire and blahblahblah..... 
PROS 
---------
2 gb ram, very fast and has never lagged when i use it
long lasting battery, i play clash of clans everyday constantly for 6 hours and the battery is only at 60%,(when i do the same in other phones, it needs charging and will only have 10%)
nice camera both front and back, selfies when taken will have brighter image.......
very lightweight and is easy to operate one handed even though it is a 5 inch phone....
4G is good and supports 3G too.... 3G is fast in idea.........
Dolby digital sound is good and hsa nocracking in sound....
16 gb internal is way more than what i use.... i installed clash of clans, nfs most wanted, iron man 3,wwe 2k, battlefield and nova 3 and have still 6gb free space...
can install apk directly to sd card...
 Display is good with wide viewing angle of 170 degrees with 294 pixel per inch and has a resolution of 1280x720. Brightness is sufficient under sunlight( And yes! It has Auto-brightness option)
Graphics:-Adreno 306, can play some, or most of the games at high or medium settings.And can easily play video files exceeding 1080p resolution. 
Runs Android 4.4.4 KitKat out-of-the-box with the company's own Vibe 2.0 UI. And is fluidic. And according to Lenovo, the A6000 plus will be upgraded to Android Lollipop in the coming Second or Third quarter.  
CONS
---------
No backlit for touch buttons
OTG is not used by many so i wont consider it as a con
No scratch resistant glass, Ex:- Corning's, "Gorilla Glass" or Asahi's, "Dragontrail" 

 This phone has got a problem of playing "Temple Run" .... the screen gets stuck frequently, and sometimes the entire game. Probably this is due to performance .... didn't expected this from snapdragon processor because this game runs on my another china made mobile without any issues. The same game I checked in my friends Lenovo A6000+ and it stucks there as well. 
Rest of the features are good, phone is very light, battery should be little more to handle atleast for a day. 

 NICE PHONE..BATTERY BACK IS VERY NICE..PHONE IS SLIM...CAMRA IS GOOD.2 GB RAM AND 16 GB ROM... NOT HANGING PROBLEM. I USE ONE MONTH A GO. 

 I ordered this on 19th May and I received it on 22nd May 2015. The mobile was working fine till now. Last one week, I am experiencing constant and sudden drop in the battery power. Now I have to find Lenovo service centre! 

 Good Phone,Nice performance.Recommended for everyone who are looking for a smart phone for low price.fully satisfied with this product. 

 Amazing Phone in 7500 rs ,
Great Battery backup,
Good Display,,
Very Light Weight,
Camera is Still need Improvement, 

 but not content headphone,great performance of device,delivery time is very early,thank u flipkart for this awesome product. 

 delivery service from flipkart is really impressive.
well if said about the phone, there is some touch issue in my lenovo mobile, but flipkart tech department try their best to solve and at last they replace it with new handset without asking any question. 
good performance no lagging problem i notice till date.
Primary camera is good but front camera is not that good.
Touch of the phone is not impressive. 

 Has good inbuilt quality, sound, camera and space. Charging takes time but overall it's good. It has good battery backup and also responsive screen. 

 Its a best phone in this prize range. Everything is fine in this phone but only one issue with the camera hardware.  
I have replaced two times this product but same issue on every product. After update the firmware (software) the camera quality going to be very worst (grainy image). I have also discussed in Lenovo Forum and its a major issue in software.  

 when i upgraded to new system software my phone gets over heated with no cause .my friends also have got same problem 

 Its good. Very good for the price i paid !! HAs almost all features that a smart phone should have. For little more they could have provided atleast 13mp camera. 

 When I bought this phone there was a conflict between Lenovo A6000 plus and lumia 640. Lumia has got higher rating than lenovo. But due to android OS i purchased this. I found that there is no heating or lagging as mentioned by some buyers on flipkart, battery backup is also very good. Dolby sound is awesome. I got airtel 4G sim with this. Later i purchased one more Lenovo A-6000 smartphone for my cousin. 

 great phone... vibe is the culprit... minor lags... camera quality is fine ..especially front camera.. ram n storage are a bliss 

 Very Bad experience of using Lenovo A6000 plus
battery backup is very very poor
not satisfied used lenovo A6000 plus
over Heating problem not any system up gradation still running 4.4.4 KitKat oprating system 

 dont buy this phone. this is totally waste of money i am using this phone from 15 days and it is hanging too much camera quality is good but by using camera also it hang too much. 

 I use it only for some hours I encountered touch problem.
Low Quality hardware. It will be a good smartphone if you are lucky that is if you don't encountered any bugs or any other problems in your piece. 

 I got it from flipkart. After 2 months it had touch problem. I send it to Lenovo service centre. I received my phone with touch screen replaced with in 17 days. Camera quality is excellent in day and night. 

 good camera
good speed
good display bt little heating while playing games
otherwise device is great and value for money 

 Hello guyz...first of all I'll not be telling you the specs of this phone....this is my review after 3 weeks of use. 
1. [SOLVED] Battery & Heating Issue - The battery is very good. I've been confused about the phone, since there were lots of negative reviews about heating and battery.
For, the first 4-5 days, there was no issue, the battery was giving decent backup and also there was no heating even on heavy gaming. Then, came the day when I inserted my 16gb card in it which was almost 70% filled. The phone would now easily loose even the full battery overnight and was hot most of the times. In the battery settings I saw there was a "media server" thing eating up about 65% of the total battery. I searched on xda an found out that its due to the corrupt files on sd card. So, I made a backup of files on pc and formatted the card. Then, I moved only the music, videos and some other files to the card and reinserted it. And voila!! now there is no such battery or heating problem. Previously, the Gallery, Videos and Music apps were not detecting any media on the sd card, but after this procedure the music, videos and photos became available in the apps instantly.
Now, the battery would last easily for two days on standby and will give you a whole day backup for a more than moderate use.
It would take about 2.5 hours for full charging. 
2. Excellent 10/10 Gaming performance - I'm a Modern Combat 4 addict and I play it for atleast 4-5 hours a day (..during the holidays ;) ). Even I never expected such performance from this low end phone. I play the game online and there has been no lag at all and mostly I'm the first one to get the map loaded on the device while others take atleast 5 more seconds to load the same map. Also, there is no heating on the device. Also, the battery drops by only 30-40 percent which is very normal for such high end game and also the wifi is being used the whole time for online play. 
3. Decent back camera and good front cam - The back camera is a 8MP shooter with auto focus and a very bright flash. The photos from back cam are not excellent but good enough i.e., 7.5/10.
The best thing is there is no shutter lag and the image stabilization is very good.
While, the front cam is pretty good. Both the cams click good photos even in low light and indoors. 
4. The design of the device is very good. This doesn't look as a 7K device but looks pretty much like a 10K+ device. It is very slim in design and looks cool. 
5. You will get 1.26GB RAM in normal conditions when whatsapp and fb are running in the background and 11.25 GB storage
out of the box in which there is NO separate partition for apps like they have in those shitty mmx phones. 
6. Display 9.5/10 - The 720p display on this device is very bright and clear (294dpi). The display produces bright colours with right saturation and has very good viewing angles. 
7. 4G - The first SIM supports 4G/3G/2G while the second SIM supports 2G only. 2nd SIM should have also supported 3G, but thats fine by me. 
8. No headset included, and thats fine. How much can they offer in a 7K phone. 
9. The phone has Kitkat v4.4.4 out of the box, but Lenovo has assured for the Lollipop update by August (while others are waiting for M update ;) 
10. The phone has VIBE UI which is just like miui launchers. That means, there is no separate app drawer. It is smooth and you will get used to it. 
11. Also, it has Dolby sound enhancement and dual speakers which produces amaZingly loud and clear sound on the speakers and headphones. Its totally awesome. Its just like you get on iphone and htc devices. But, the music player is quite out dated and doesn't have simple features like music sharing via BT or any other app. But, there are always music players like JetAudio to fulfil your wish. 
12. Rooting this device is pretty easy. You just have to search for it and you will get an app on xda through which you can root easily without the use of pc. Also, the adb and fastboot drivers can be installed easily by just plugging the device with pc. The PC shows a CD ROM drive in which the drivers can be found, just like you do with a dongle. 
13. Sadly, as of now, there is no OTG support but there is a major possibility that you will have that after Lollipop update, just like Lenovo A7000. 
14. Also, there is no notifications LED and no backlight bottom keys. You have to deal with that. 
15. Lastly, you can easily uninstall those sick bloatwares preinstalled on the device. 
All in all, this is a bang for the buck and is way ahead than competitors Redmi 1S, Redmi 2, YU Yuphoria, Moto E2, Honor Holly and even Zenfone 5 and Moto G2.
So, thats all and if you have any queries you can mail me at shubhamrawat4u[at]gmail[dot]com 

 Hi, 
Super phone 16GB ROM 2GB RAM 4G under this price range so many review in net it is plastic yes it will be plastic why those people expecting metal back or metal chassis under this price range i don't know.In Plastic patented Samsung phones you need to put Rs. 15000 - Rs 20000 for same specifications even thought you don't get metal back or metal chassis or even leather back cover. 
Over heating problem if you play more than 1 hour continuosly phone will get heated and Battery drain quickly it is every phone problem not for this phone. 
Sound Quality awesome better than some other premium phones 
Lack of Gorilla glass apart from this phone is very good. 

 2 gb ram 16 gb internal memory excelent fast multitasking ,,,,,,,,, 3g with this set was excelent fast i am realy enjoying this speed,,,,,,without buffering all online videos.............. 

 Its Battery is draining too fast
if I full charge it (100)% and set it in stand by mode (using single sim and Display brightness put at Auto) after 10 to 12 hrs i see it has been switched off (in between 100% -1% battery i am not using the phone no calls or not even checking its battery) and when i unlock its screen it shows 1 to 3 % battery. And it has Heating Problem 
Phone is looking good. Light weight,smaller & Slimmer as compare to other 5" display phones as zenfone 5 

 BEST SET IS PROVIDED BY FLIPKART. I HAVE PURCHASED 03 AND ALSO CONTINUE TO PURCHASE THE SAME HANDSET MORE. 

 One of the worst phone that I have ever seen bad display , bad camera looks like it has 5 mp rear and 1 mp front...... Very disappointed from this lenovo a6000 plus 

 in this phone we are not able to wi-fi direct facility, and bettery backup is very short atlest 8 hour , i thought that the bettery is bigger atleast 2600 mAh .one sim is 4G LTE and another is 2 G only . both will be 4G this is not good. in this smart phone
 megnatic compass is not available / 

 This is an awesome handset. At a cost of 7.5K, you get high end features and contemporary design. Some of the best features are: 
1. Stylish look, thin and very light-weight
2. Good battery (Although I am only using for last 3 months, after spending decent time on net and games, I need to charge the phone after 36 - 40 hrs approx)
3. No issue with speed and accessibility, you can easily cleanup the memory
4. The security features are added advantage - inbuilt anti-theft lock, spam call block, anti-virus
5. Primary camera is good enough. Front camera is very good for video calling
6. Loudspeaker works pretty good without sound distortion
7. Touch is very good - no issue till now with touchscreen or touch-buttons at the bottom 
Although few shortcomings are there:
1. Heavy games may take time to load and phone heats up a little (I could not even load Fifa) 
2. Facing problem with bluetooth to send file to and from my comp - sometimes it works, sometimes not, could never send media file
3. No magnetic sensor - so app like compass did not work 
I have already dropped the phone four to five times from 2-3 ft height (mistakenly, of course) but nothing happened. Still I do not think the phone is tough enough to sustain bigger injury. So you have to use it a bit carefully. Otherwise awesome phone. 
I would surely recommend it and rate it 4.3 out of 5. 

 My speakers are not working within the first month of purchase. i took it to Lenovo Service center and they are lagging the replacement for almost 3 weeks, saying that they have no spare parts. 
Poor service from Lenovo. 

 I got the phone delivered few days back, awesome phone, handy, slim, lightweight. All the things I needed in a medium range phone. I am not the one to speak about extreme gaming and browsing but as far as I have used the phone it is too good. 

 Nice phone with great features. only the problem is it's battery which is not sufficient for a day's usage. other than every thing is fine. 

 I bought this mobile for me. It is reasonably good and usable for me. 
Overall look is sleek. Plastic body good to reduce scratches on skin. Camera quality and print output is awesome.  
Drawback is backlight is not available for device menu buttons. 

 Pros:
got it for 6299 (lucy to buy in sale with 10% discount)
No heat,
1.5 to 2 day battery backup on average usage ( i use wifi some times and sometimes mobile data)
more than 1GB RAM always free
16 GB of memory ( enough for storage no micro sd card required still it supports 32 Gb)
good for one handed operation (5'').
I use flash as a torch .
light weight (128g) 
cons:
sometimes contacts stored in sim are not shown when sim is out of coverage area, had to restart (peculiar defect, hopefully only for me).
App drawer not available in vibe UI. I have used "Go" launcher and "Next launcher 3D" for app drawer as i do not want to keep every thing on the top.
 I am very fond of compass, but a6000 plus misses it. good to have it
backlit buttons would be useful at night or low light 
yuphoria heats up as metal body keeps up the heat released for more time.
redmi2 heats and hangs why i do not know. but very good for one handed operation (4.7") and it has compass
coolpad dazen is very similar to A6000 plus@ Rs 6000 (with 5% cash back on HDFC debit card) - 8GB ROM. but misses the brand name Lenovo 
INfocus M350 has same configs but @ 8000 and mediatek processor 

 I had purchase a Lenovo A6000 plus phone but gating heating and battery problem. when I charge the phone showing 100% but 2-3hr after in stand-by low battery 0% .already compliant to filipkart customer care but reply is can’t resolve your possible. 

 ive been using this phn since a month. so here are some observations
Pros : 1.looks good,easy to handle.
 2. good battery backup
 3. Dobly speakers are awesome
 4. No lag
 5. bright and vibrant display
Cons: 1. camera quality is pathetic from any angle it dosent deliver the performance of 8 mega pixel camera.
 2. No headphones
 3. make sure to apply a tampered screen guard after purchasing it , as it has no cornilla or gorilla glass. 
Other sugesstions : xiomi redmi note 4g ,, the prices has been slashed of that phn. it has 8 gb memory only but you can expand it anyday That phn is having much more superior camera as compared to this. so give it a thought :) . 

 when it is opened it is A6000 but not A6000 plus
delivery is very slow.
and said a technical reason saying incorrect invoice.
made in china mobile.
no ear phones...
heating quickly..
camera is poor..
net connectivity ok... 

 Good Configuration of this device and too good speed Camera Resolution and over 1st Class All software hardware is best and good quality 

 Facing heating problems with my mobile even with lighter usage, bought just one month before, ordered for replacement.
Customer support executive just told me to note down some diagnostic checks on my mobile as I am out of station without that mobile (A6000 plus) and told me to revert back after those checks on helpline number. As soon as the call was disconnected I received a SMS that my return request was rejected by the seller. And it is even before any diagnostic done! Extremely disappointed by this behavior by the flipkart as I am a regular customer and first time I am facing some problem and without any service they disapproved my return request. This will be the last time I am in contact with flipkart 

 Got this phone last week.
Phone looks and feels good in hand. Performs well considering its price range. But has a very bad camera quality considering it has an 8MP camera. Camera could have been better.
Yet to test the battery backup. 
The dolby digital enhancement in this phone is brilliant and sound is really awesome which is comparable to flagship mobiles.
Display clarity is average.
Over all a good phone excluding the camera. 

 My Phone was getting heated up sporadically, some days it was heating and some days it was normal. I checked all possibilities like formatting the memory card, changing the SIM card, resetting the device, but issue comes back after some time not in a proper intervals.
and finally found out that when and all I copy some unsupported videos like *.MKV files the phone used to heated up, So I deleted those video file and now the phone is normal and cool. 
The heating issue occurs (Might) because the system tries to scan the list of video files in Video player and not able to do it due to some unsupported video files, so the CPU run at max to get job done but its in loop, Thats why the phone is getting heat and battery drains fast and charging takes long.  
So please delete the unsupported files to resolve this issue.  

 Using for 1 month now, was little concerned over the review comments that I read in flipkart:
I used lenevo P770 before, 
Pros:
1. 2 GB RAM, all apps games run smoothly 
2. 16GB Internal memory- enough for all kind of apps
3. Very slim and light weight
4. GPS works fine even in offline 
5. Stereo speaker is pretty good 
Cons:
1. No notification LED - something that I don't like
2. Bettery is 2300mAh - dies if you play game for some more time or keep watching movies 
I haven't observed heating, camera is pretty decent   

 The phone is well built with good configuration. I am very satisfied with the delivery service of Flipkart. Recommend all to buy this handset without giving a second thought. 

 EXCELLENT PHONE AND NO PHONE CAN COMPETE AT THIS PRICE TAG..
PROS- DISPLAY, CAMERA, NO LAG AT ALL..
 CONS- BATTERY DRAINS A BIT FAST.. 

 please dont buy the product. Bakwas phone hhhhhh........ i did not like the speaker clarity and also flipkart did not solve the problem also there is some lag problem with my handset.
not satisfied with the product.........  

 Good mobile without a hands-free. The free SIM card is for the existing Airtel customers. Others need to buy a new connection to avail the offer. 

 excellent product,more value than money,all the configuration and features including battery life are beyond expectation. 

 The product is awesome. Purchased in May,2015. No problem whatsoever so far. Excellant service by Flipcart. 

 Average Product for its Price.The price could be a little lower or some more memory can be accommodated in the same price. A bit too costly 

 Good camera both front & rear All in One product internal memoery is 16GB is enough to take vedio & audio 

 I normaly using the other phones in this range, but a6000 plus is only having this much spec in this 7.5k. If some body looking for the budget phone with good spec. go for lenovo a 6000 plus or want more go for lenovo k3 note ( will not get any other phone in that spec. in 10 k) . only geting in flipkart. i used this phone and don't feel the heating issue like some reviews i seen . 
better clarity display and camera, front camera is good in 2mp with fixed focus.
good speed browsing in 2 g and 3g . 4g i not used.
all games also can play like subway..
dolbi sound i dont feel that much good.
battery will last for one day. 
no back light for touch buttons.
as most reviews i formated the memory card first
screen guard giving free by flipkart.
there will be no headphone in the box
great speed delivery by flipkart. good services by flipkart customer care. 
i suggested it for my friends including all flipkart purchases..... 

 Flipkart service is good but the lenovo phone is very low quality ,
i brought 2 mobile of lenovo 6000plus and 7000 , both are same problem , only specification is good but quality is very poor, 
Don't go for lenovo. 

 Camera quality is not as good as per specification. battery back up is insufficient for heavy use. Although flipkart delivery is very good and to the point. Thanks for delivery in time. 

 When I bought MotoG 1st generation , that was the best smartphone avaialble in the market. And now Lenovo A6000 Plus is the best in its price range. 
After a lot of market researches, I ordered this phone for my younger brother (His first smartphone).
Flipkart's delivery and packaging was very good. But delivery was not was as fast as it was used to.
Unboxing:
1. Everything was packed inside a compact red color box.
2. Inside the box you will find, the handset, the battery, and wall charger . no headsets(poor you have to buy one from the market).
*Lenove please provide a headset with this phone.its a very necessery thing for smartphone users.*
Look:
1. It has a very trendy look both from backside and front side.
2. Backside panel has mate finish(black color model, dont know about others).
3. Overall its look good from the backside.
4. Its very light and slim.
Screen and touch:
1. The phone has a 5'' display which is very comfortable for entry level users(not very big and not very small).
2. Touch sensor is also good as compared to other phones in the same range.
3. With HD display, things look good. Only bcoz of the color temparature they have customized.
4. No gorilla glass.(Please buy Syska Gadget Secure Insurance of 749).
Camera:
1. The 8megapixel rear camera is very good at capturing the details efficeintly.(as good as my motog 1st gen 5megapixel camera, not better than that.)
2. The 2megapixel front facing camera is very good for video calls(better than my motog 1st gen )
Processor and RAM and Android:
1. Till now I am not facing any problem related to Processor, RAM or Android.
2. Everything works smoothly with snapdragon processor and 2 GB RAM .
3. Switching between different apps is pretty smooth.
4. Played some games like Subway surfer, Temple run, Asphalt 2(in medium graphics setting). It never lags.
5. Browsing is also fast.
Memory:
1. I thing more than enough for basic use. It you require more then micro sd slot which is expandable upto 32 GB.
Battery:
1. The battery is user removable.(its good feature, if ur phone got hanged ever and not responding just remove the battery. Though the lenovo A6000plus is not lagging.
2.The battey is of 2300mAh which last arround 1 and halfway with basic use(1 hr gaming, 2hrs music playing, data enabled 24*7, frequent chats of watsappa and fb). Pretty Awsome.
3.No heating problem with battery.
SIM:
1. Dual Sim.
2, Only SIM 1 is 4G enabled. 
Heating Problem Myth:
Yes, it heats up little bit during call but its not problem. Every phone does the same.
I have played subway surfer,dr driving and asphalt 2 (contineously one hr) but the phone heated up a little as like any other phone.As the manufacturers cant provide a cooling fan to cool down the processor. 
Conclusion:
I have been using MOTO G 1st gen and gf uses MOTO G 2nd gen for a yr and so. But this phone is way better than the erlier two comparing the prices.I will suggest Lenovo A6000 plus against MOTO G 2nd gen for entry level user or who is concerned about his budget. Why should someone spend 2500 buks more? 
If your budget is of 10000 then go for Lenovo K3 note or redmi. 
Thanks for reading. Hope this is useful. 

 I bought the mobile two weeks back and here is my experiance..... 
Pros:
---- 
1) Best feature of this mobile is it's display.Fell in love with it's goergoes display.Text is sharp and the colour reproduction is very good.Viewing angles are just awesome.Touch response is good.Watched Life of Pi, 2012 etc... HD movies and it's a wonderful experiance.I am just very happy with it's display only. 
2) Performace is marvelous,I can say in one word. I installed nearly 70 apps and no lag still. No issues or minor jerks while jumping from apps and moving between home screens. I am not using any performance boost apps. Really very good job done by Lenovo in this regard.The Vibe UI is just rubbish and so I am using Nova launcher and Belle UI Icon pack.Added a 32 bit Samsung micro sd card and it's working flawless, no heating issues so far. 
3) Very light weight and sturdy buld.The back cover comes with a soft plastic feel,so better to use a case to save from accidental drops and strains.Back cover fits well.Touch sensitive keys are good.These keys save display space, so the screen is used to the display totally and no screen estate wasted for keys. 
4) 2 GB ram is too good.I always has nealy 500 mb ram in empty.Qualcomm snapdragon quad core processor and Adreno GPU adds a top notch performance boost to the ram. To prove this Lenovo is giving Ashphalt 8 app installed.I played the game and it's good without any lag. 
5) People complaining about the charging time, please use a high output charger, rather than the one given with this mobile. So, the charging will be done fast. I am using my Asus Fonepad 5v charger and the charging is done with in two hours. 
6) Battery performance is a mixed bag.With no 3g internet is on for whole day, the battery is good.It lives for a day on ocassional browsing and calls.But if we want 3g net on always then we need to carry charger as the battery goes down with in 12 hrs. Of course here in my organization we are facing signal issues, so 3g net hunting eats my 
battery. I think at good signal reception areas the battery would perform a bit well. 
7) There is no separate app partition on internal storage, so we can install apps on 12 gb internal (16 GB internal, but user gets 12 gb) internal memory. And Lenovo gives us an option to install apps directly or move on to SD card, so no issues with storage.However OTG support is not there. 
Cons:
----- 
1) Camera performance is not good,but not bad even.It's an average one.Forget lowlight shooting as this mobile is too bad at it.Camera options are less and it's acceptable considering it's price.HDR is available.Front cam is just ok. 
2) Missing Notification led.I used HTC Incredible S before this mobile, which has a Notification led.So, now I need to power on and check every 5 mins for any missed calls and notifications,which puts pressure on power button. 
3) Fm radio is just worst.Not at all good reception of signals and heavy distortion creeps in.Better to forget the FM radio on this mobile. 
4) Hard keys are not backlit, which is a bit disappointment, esspecially at night time. 
5) No earphones bundled with this mobile. 
Considering the price and comparing list of cons and Pros, I still satisfied with the mobile and recommend it.  

 problem in the sim card slot.....overall not satisfied.................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 

 mobile bahut accha hai par jab me ise charge karta hu tab aadha mobile gara ho jata hai otherwise best mobile ever. 

 Awesome phone, great battery backup, worth the price.
Pros:
- Branded
- Good after sales service
- Very light
- Great Battery backup
- Value for money 
Cons:
- No Ear phones
- Lenovo customized UI. Cant customize the UI completely 
