This headphone only increasing your singal and no noise cancellation...There are little but it is not real noise cancellation headphone, I am using it in my company bus regularly and I can able to hear outside noise
Working as expected and noise cancellations works fine. Value for money. I got it for 2,490/- which includes shipping charges i.e., free delivery. FYI - Product is delicate so pouch is must. I tried for proper pouch/case for my headphone but no luck. It will be good if Amazon provides the suitable case/pouch as combo for EXTRA money.
Now let me clear the air.These pair of Sony's have ambient noise cancelling. What it means is that it cancels out the fan, birds, AC and etc...It doesn't however cancel voices.That being said, wow just wowA beautiful mix of bass and highs takes me back to childhood.Bass: Spectrum is really good with non muddy bass at high volumesMids:  clear though acoustics will sufferHighs: Really punchy and is not overpowered by the strong bass signatureI saw a lot of negative reviews in Amazon about this but believe me these pairs are a must have.I'd prefer these over the HD203 or JBL over the ear Tempo
Quality of the headphoines etc is great.Noise cancelling was great for humming sounds like my fan, air movement etc.THe only issue is that oens active noise cancelling is turned on, then the sounds becomes more "high pitchjed"Its as if the treble was suddenly increased, and becomes slighjtly painful on the ears.Otherwise the headphone is good in all other aspects
Very good headphones. They perform as expected and the headphones are value for money. These cannot compete with Bose, but the performance is similar to the Noise Cancelling headphones from Panasonic that I have been using (RP-HC500).Would have rated this product with 5 stars, if the construction was a little more rugged, removable EP jack from the headphones and the product came with a carrying case
Bought this set primarily for NOISE CANCELLATION purpose. While travelling  in bus though the ambient noise takes a dip, the engine sound of the bus and also in case of another vehicle Tata Sumo is not getting cancelled. This ultimately requires keeping the volume of the music being listened to, at a very high level, hence defeats the very purpose of protecting one's hearing capacity.Sound output is flat with NC turned off and then goes up dynamic on putting on the NC.Overall it is an INEFFECTIVE BUY. Generally SONY products are good in high price ranges and very poor / dissatisfying in the lower price ranges. True for this set.
Sound Quality is quit good , but as describe about the item it is not cancel all type of ambient sound . some high frequency sound canceled . but amplify low frequency sound , when on cancellation switch.  and one things when switch on its also amplify played signal. As like head phone amplifier.If any one think to bye for Noise Cancellation device it is not suitable for them simply wastage of money.
PROS: 1) Nice clarity 2) Stylish look 3) Bass is good 4) Nice comfort 5)Reasonable PriceCONS: 1) Cord Length (will be better if it is little longer ) but no problem it is still having  sufficient wire 2) No Carry Case the product would be much better  if it has a mic too... As it is on-the-ear headphone , noise cancellation is  not much effective  but it can cancel outside sound to an extent and  nice seller too delivered  my product within time. I recommend this product ...
GOOD---------=> Ambient noise cancellation is goodAlkaline battery worked for 12 hoursLight weight, covers my ears, softBAD-----=> Noise cancellation is only for the ambient noise, this is advertised in a much smaller font=> Because it reduces only the ambient noise, you feel the adjacent people talking loud (theory of relativity)No auto off, my second AAA got discharged when I accidentally left it ONCord length is not sufficient sometimes, cord is not replaceablePutting the headphone back in the provided tray is not easy
I don't recommend this headphones unless you really require cancellation of some low frequency sounds like the humming noise of fan, AC etc and your budget is too low. Voice and high frequency sounds are not cancelled. The sound quality of these headphones are really poor and neither is it comfortable. With Noise cancellation turned on it also amplifies the sound which makes the sound quality bearable. If you are looking for a good sounding headphones under Rs 3000 please look for some other pair of headphones.
Doesn't qualify as a noise cancellation earphone.
EXCELLENT NOISE CANCELLATION AS COMPARED TO ITS PRICE RANGE
Not as expected , some residual sound remains and a vibration.
Noise cancellation ain't working the way it is suppose to work.... It's just cancelling very minor noises like sound of air from Fan, minor knock on the door/window, fart.. -,- :D..Anywy, you can get a similar quality Sony headphone (without Noise Cancellation) with less than 1K rupees.... I would suggest those if you are going for Sound Quality.. OR other those with same price but without Noise Cancellation feature...And if you are going for this PARTICULARLY FOR NOISE CANCELLATION,  DON'T ORDER THIS... Go for other expensive Noise cancellation Headphones...
I love them, though u hav to keep the noise cancelling button always on..but its worth the price
Great product for the price. Good sound and effective noise cancellation. Gets a 'Recommended' badge from me.
Not so good .only reduces noise to 20-30% but still happy to buy as all noise cancelling are much costly than this.
Does not reduce noise as mentioned. It can only cancel low frequency sounds like that of fan or A/C. Finishing is so nice.
Bought this for my overseas trip. I tested it in my bedroom that has a window AC the AC noise just disappears. It is like magic.
Good for taking phone calls. Comfortable fit.Not enough bass - not a big issue if you use it for taking phone calls or listening to voice.
Sound quality is ok not so great. Not recommended for laptop or use with computer with mobile they still sound better.Would suggest to go for other options or higher range in sony itself.
good vale
Superb product!
it is super product
Its grate headphones
Good value for money !
good quality for price
Excellent sound. Good design
Amazing - good value for money.
good product for the given price
Not worth to purchase I am not satisfied with the  NC ...
I got this s*** from amazon. Not worth a pretty dime. Worthless piece of sheep ( read shxxx)
Excellent product! Superb sound and very good active noise cancellation.Value for money!
Great
Great
