GOOD LOOKING KICKS IF YOUR KICKIN IT OLD SCHOOL LIKE ME. AND COMFORTABLE. AND RELATIVELY CHEAP. I'LL ALWAYS KEEP A PAIR OF STAN SMITH'S AROUND FOR WEEKENDS
These sunglasses are all right. They were a little crooked, but still cool..
I don't see the difference between these bodysuits and the more expensive ones.  Fits my boy just right
Very nice basic clothing.  I think the size is fine.  I really like being able to find these shades of green, though I have decided the lighter shade is really a feminine color.  This is the only brand that I can find these muted greens
I love these socks. They fit great (my 15 month old daughter has thick ankles) and she can zoom around on the kitchen floor and not take a nose dive into things. :
Finally I have found a quality brand of swimsuit I can order on line and know it will fit.  I'm a daily swimmer who is long-bodied.  This particular style fit great when it arrived; it arrived quickly within four days; shipping was free; and the lycra material is the most resilient I know given the chlorine bashing my suits get.  Please continue to sell this particular item at a price lower than the sports stores.  Thanks!!
Your company was a pleasure to work with- thanks!  I will enjoy wearing the swimsuit that I ordered
very portable. great picture. easy to operate. all the accessories you need. great sound. playes dvd's from sony camcorder. very happy with the system. am looking forward to using this camping and on vacation.
I have been looking for a pair of Docs for a while. I know they are a new globalized company, and I am not necessarily against that.
I am disappointed that you can't get a better range of colors. I've had a few blue pairs and a lovely green. But colors are not really available now except on high tops emblazoned with the brand name. An abomination for sure!
These shoes are very comfortable and apparently well-made. My single quibble with the black pair I got here on amazon has to do with the flimsiness of the tongue. I like a nice strong tongue. (And who doesn't?) Whatever they saved on material here may have been a mistake. On the other hand, maybe the sole will wear out first (or it will be a dead heat).
Never thought I'd buy shoes online, but amazon and the Doctor made it happen.
The quality is much better than expected. I bought one for myself and one for my husband prior to our Las Vegas trip Sept. 6, 2005. We were able to walk with or hands free because these fannypacks held all of the necessities, our cell phones, travelers checks, keys, and medicines in particular. We love the spacious divided compartments. I highly reccommend this product..
Nice shirt. Well made. Good price. What more can I say
The shirts are what I had asked for.  They are sturdy and well made.  I would buy more if I needed more.  Well worth the money spen
I love wearing those tank tops with shelf bras or summer dresses that can't be worn with a bra...but the nipple issue was quite vexing. I didn't feel comfortable with any nip protrusion...the only disadvantage in having implants is that they tend to be a bit nipply. But, problem solved. These things rock
I was having a hard time finding a cheaper swim suit so I just ordered one from the grab bag.  I figured nothing could be worse than my plain black swim suit.  Also the swim suit was delivered in half the time that it was expected
It's golden color is very remarkable ..It looks like real gold..wonderful piece to have
  With a good selection of colors to go with the casual style, to say I love these shoes is an understatement. They are very comfortable, and have grown on me so much, they are about the only casual style shoes I have bought in the past few years
A difficult item to find in department stores.  Found some at twice the price in a leather goods store.  The Fossil leather key cases were of equal quality.  I purchased two and am very satisfied
The quality is much better than expected. I bought one for myself and one for my husband prior to our Las Vegas trip Sept. 6, 2005. We were able to walk with or hands free because these fannypacks held all of the necessities, our cell phones, travelers checks, keys, and medicines in particular. We love the spacious divided compartments. I highly reccommend this product..
The collar stays are great!  They came in a convenient little container, and now I'm not searching all over the laundry room floor for the collar stays that fell out of my husband's dress shirts.  The different lengths were helpful because he has different style shirts, and the collar stays came very quickly
Okay, this cap is really stylish. But I think the sewing isn't quite finished. There were loose threads all over my caps when I got them. Not to mention the parts that weren't even sewed... no threads at all
I bought some of these to wear with a drapey shirt cut open  nearly to the waist, and these little covers made me feel way more confident that even if my shirt slipped a little, nobody would be able to see anything. The nude ones were practically the same color as my skin, so they were perfect. They also stopped any embarrasing reactions to the cold. The best part was, they didn't feel weird at all
These are some really good glasses.  Plenty dark, full mirrored so you won't be caught checkin out all the ladies you walk by.  Shoot, for $18 you can't go wrong.  I highly recommend them.  And since I'm a pilot, it was obvious that I got a pair of these
I found these at Lane Bryant and I absolutely love them! I wear them under my work clothes every day. You've got to try them
About 18-24 months ago, we purchased a pair of beach CROCS for our daughter, child-toddler size 12-13, like those pictured. She has used them for the beach, around the pool, wearing them to school on non-gym days, going on non-strenuous walks, and so forth. Plus, we have used them as a floating throw toy at motel swimming pools. Even though her shoe size is now 1 to 1-1/2, she still wears them. And, the shoes are in good shape! Also, daughter's mother has been wearing her own pair, for similar uses, for about two years. So, we highly recommend CROCS
I got this handbag for my 14th birthday and I looove it so much!!It is so perfect, the best chanel handbag there is. Everyone that saw my new handbag loved it and asked where I bought. I actually bought it at nordstrom. Everyone should have one!!BUY IT
I can only ditto what the other 5-star reviewers have already said. I have 1 of the 41" for summer and now 2 of the 50" for fall and winter. The colors remain solid after mutiple washes, and the price is great for the quality of these sleep shirts. Also very comfortable. Highly recommend! ngmackie, Dunwoody, GA
must have shoe for bunion and hammertoe sufferers. i also have very hot sweaty feet and these are an excellent choice if you share these problems. very large toe box and excellent webbing for ventilation.  very good looking comfortable shoes .  only qualification is that if you stand on your feet all day or do a lot of walking you may want to pick a shoe with more support --these are very lightweight shoes but lack the support a heavier athletic shoe would offer-- but those type of shoes are usually harder on bunions and my feet get extremely hot in them
My mother is an avid world traveler and is quite particular about how she travels. So, I bought her the cabin cuddler for her birthday and she loves it! And I quote "It is practical and functional and makes a huge difference (re: comfort) for those long international flights." Big hit! 
I bought this scarf with a gift certificate I received for Christmas.  I love it so much and my kids love it so much they are buying their own.  It is super-warm and retains it shape, even after my nine year old tried it on as a dress
I'm taking off one point only because these pants don't have the short/medium/long choice as other BDU pants do.  I'm buying for a friend who prefers long inseam and regular waistline.  For other BDU pants I could have got him medium long which has waistline of 31-34'' and inseam up to 34-35''.  For this particular style I was told over the phone that they don't carry the short/medium/long varieties and my only chance of getting an inseam of 34-35'' would be to go for the large size which also has a waistline of 35-39''.  I ended up getting the large one as suggested which is a bit too wide for my friend.
Other than that I'm happy with the product quality and the service I received
Dont buy it from Andrew Christian, i wrote them online several times and never, not once, got an answer from them, i ended up buying them some other place
Clever and stylish design; a lot of colors to choose from; and an excellent performance, best sport shoe eve
Awesome shoes. Not necessarily worth the outlandish cost but 4 stars nonetheless. I'd recommend them to anyone who takes running seriously, and who likes to look even cooler when doing it.
This is a top quality item. I is an 80%/20% cotton/poly mix-double stitched seams...very well made. I bought a 2X for my son who ususally wears a 3X, and after putting it through the washer and dryer twice, it's just as perfect as the day it was delivered.
These shoes are awesome, I have bowled with them for the past couple of weeks and they are just what I was looking for. The color is hot and everyone on my league noticed them and said very positive things about them. Thanks for the super fast shipping and supurb quailty
My husband loves this coat. He wears it all winter. If you are someone that doesnt like a bulky exceptionally warm lined coat this is it. He is uncomfortable in something like down because it is too sweaty but this is perfect. Warm enough and lightweight and comfortable. THis is the second one he has purchased.
I have been using this for awhile now.  Unlike some sports bras that are this supportive, it's a lighter weight material/construction.  I wouldn't say that there probably isn't something better out there and it isn't cheap - but it's not bad.  For my peers that have this 'issue', you know what I'm talking about!:
Before this bra, I would have to wear an underwire bra, and a sports bra on top to minimize bounce. My cup size is F, so it's been difficult to find a sports bra that I can wear standalone. 
Well folks, I found it. THIS IS THE BRA!! I wore it while doing turbo jam today and it was AMAZING! It did better than the two bra combination ever did. If you're looking for a sports bra that actually WORKS, this is the one
I got the flip flops for my granddaughter for christmas she wore her  cheap ones out from wal-mart and her mother told her white is summer only and no one could find white ones right now I told her I bet her I could and so I did and she loves them and so did all her friends at school. we know it is winter but so far in indiana it is not bad so you can wear flip flops and tanks for now. thank you for  the great gift.
This is just the thing to put away for a Christmas gift.  Nice product in a nice box, tied with a bow.
I just received two of these bra-less nursing nightgowns (sm), a robe (sm/m), and the two piece tank pj set (sm).  I'm almost nine months pregnant and have gained 50ish pounds and despite the other review about not fitting during pregnancy, it (and the other items) fits and stretches well while holding its shape.  I will wear this now and indefinitely after the baby comes: it's apparent that it will fit me well after baby too.
The quality of the fabric is substantial enough to hold large (and engorging) breasts without the need for a bra.  It is strong but breathable, and not flimsy so it slightly smoothes out quirks of the pregnant body.
The length is a little longer than most - it slightly covers my knees -  which is what I wanted so slit is nice to have for normal strides walking, easing out of bed, hiking up to use the washroom, etc. without tearing the seams. 
As the description and the other review indicates, the cups can slide down for pumping or nursing.
I'm very happy with the colors, design, and construction of all items.  Due to the volume of my order (directly from the [...] site, I received a high quality FREE minky dot chenille blanket that came rolled and ribboned in a nice tulle bag.  I would definitely get this for other expectant or new moms
I was looking for a good nursing nightgown to wear while in the hospital after giving birth to my second child.  I had seen the Aimee gown before, and I really liked the looks of it, and the reviews seemed great.
After purchasing the gown (was shipped via Fed Ex to Canada, which means I got dinged by Fedex's "customs broker" costs...) I tried it on while 8 months pregnant to see how it fits.
I purchased a size XL as I am around a sz 14 pre-pregnancy.  I have a normal bust size of 36D.
The gown itself is made of a nice heavyweight cotton with lots of stretch and recovery (doesn't just stretch out and stay there), the crossover top is really nice becuase it crosses over and will be easy to pull aside for nursing, but the v isn't too deep  (nobody needs to see *that* much of my clavicle).  There is a slit up the side for ease of walking, but it's a very high slit, too high, I felt. 
The gown didn't fit well over my pregnant belly - but I don't fault them for that, it's not advertised as fitting during pregnancy.  However, after giving birth, I still don't think it would fit well for the first couple of weeks, until the baby belly subsides a bit.  The gown stretches well enough to fit over a slowly-declining bump, but unfortunately, as you walk around, the elastic contracts the gown back up over your bump, pulling the slit on the side higher and higher up your leg.  The gown itself is long enough to more than cover your bump as it retracts, but it's not a comfortable feeling when that slit creeps higher and higher.
The bustline will be great when I'm nursing - easy to pull over, and great coverage on the other side.  It fits well under the bust (elasticised under the cups) but I found the cups were HUGE on my breasts.  It fit well at the band, but I guess they figure if you're a big girl, you must have big boobs.  Luckily, I'm handy at sewing, so I plan to take the gown up at the shoulders to fix this.
Overall, I think this will be a great gown to wear around the house while breastfeeding.... after the baby belly has subsided.  I do plan to bring it to the hospital with me, but only after I've taken in the seams at the shoudlers, and closed the side slit a bit
The sheets were just as described and worth the price. Timely on shippng also. Very pleased
The Crib sheets were soft, the service fast and they fit the Pack and Play mattress
This sheet is great solution for difficult to change crib sheets- just lay it over the top of your pretty sheet and snap it to the crib frame.  I highly recommend it to those who don't like wrestling the crib sheet onto the mattress
Service was very quick, and they were having a free shipping special, so it was very well priced
Ordered these bra extenders since I an pregnant and now having trouble fitting into things, and they are working great!  Recevied them very quickly and they are exactly as I expected! Thanks!
I never buy stuff like this on line.  I like to play with/feel wallets before getting them.  But I couldn't find a thin, bi-fold that I liked, so I took a chance.
It's great.  The ID feature is super handy (it comes all the way out if you're wondering).  And the brown leather is soft and nice.  It is really nice for the price.
(By the way, personally, I don't think it's thick at all)
The shoes are better then expected.. Everyone comments on how nice they are and where did you get them.. I will let anyone know to buy the
I had never ordered from this company before. I have now ordered quite a few things from them. For the price, everything has been very attractive. Some of the sizes run a bit small.
This dress is very sweet, the PAPRIKA color is an orange, but I ordered 3 of these in different colors. Nice to wear around the house during the summer.( I also ordered a nice dress in EGGPLANT, but it is really brown, alright with me, a nice dress.)
Customer Service was very good to me, and I even received a coupon for 3 free magazine subscriptions, as I had ordered over a certain amount from Newport News.
I am happy with the price vs. quality of all of their things. Shipping was very speedy.
For these prices you do not get the quality of Neiman's, Sak's, or Bloomie's  - but you get many more nice, simple, summer dresses, of a decent quality. I think that Newport News offers good value, and service for the money
I'm very satisfied with this purchase. The jeans are great quality for the price. However, it was not stated that they would be the (very)long length that they were. I had to alter them, which was an inconvenience
Love these boxers. I stole a pair from a friend a while back and had to have a pair of my own. Love the fabric and the cut, not too long not too short, and just the right amount of butt room.
I purchased one of these shirts to see what the quality was compared to the price. As soon as I received it and wore it twice I went back and purchased three more. The weave on these shirts is thick making the shirt very comfortable to use and I suspect will give it a long life. After multiple (10+) washings, the first one I purchased still feels as good as the newer ones. The colors are warm. I would suspect that this shirt would cost $10-15. As long as the price stays below $10, I will continue to purchase these as all-purpose daily-wear/work-out tshirt.
As for the comment that these fit smaller than most, I didn't have that experience. In Nike, Reebok, Gap, and Rusell Athletic tshirts, I wear a large. I wear a large in Artiga as well, and the fit is comparable to those brands with no noticeable shrinkage after washing
I highly reccommend this bag for anyone! It is a big tote, which is perfect for a college campus, the airport, the beach... really for any purpose. It is reversable and I was very suprised at how durable it is (great quality). When people compliment the bag it allows an opportunity to share its cause- which in the end is the most important part.
I have used this mat almost everytime I've been outdoors.  I haven't seen anything like it at any department store and its much cheaper than the mats at the beachside boutiques.  It is an awesome value for the price.  
THEY CALL THEIR SOCKS THE "WORLDS SOFTEST MEN'S CLASSIC CREW SOCK" AND LET ME TELL YOU ITS THE TRUTH. BEEN LOOKING FOR A PAIR OF RED SOCKS FOR WEEKS, WITH OUT SUCCESS. THEY MAY NOT BE THE SHADE OF RED I WANTED BUT THEY ARE THE BEST IN FIT AND QUALITY. NOW FIND ME THE "RED SHADE" I'M LOOKING FOR AND I'LL BE EVEN MORE PLEASED.
          Norb Reynders.......yes over 13... going on 7
Nice, soft leatherette. The inside is roomy, and the pic is fairly accurate for the size to body ratio. The tie-front detail stays so, you don't have to worry about it unraveling or loosening. Nice silver buckle accents on strap. Great
I ordered 2 for gifts and 1 for myself based on other reviews. I was not disappointed! The bag is large and roomy, made of heavy-duty material, with outside pocket, and has a neat little clasp to hook your keys, etc. for easy finding.  It will make the perfect beach bag for us, and could be used for almost anything.  
These are great girl socks! Besides being economical, they feel good, wash good, are very stylish, and don't fall down! They look great with jeans and khakis. I have ordered several more pairs, in different colors. A true value
The Nine West Botamy boots are comfortable and really well made. The leather is very soft also. Even though the toe is very pointed, these boots are still comfortable. Amazon has a great price on these boots
Genuine leather with fur lining are about the warmest things you can possibly wear! An excellent choice for extremely cold winter weather, well worth the money spent.
I purchased these boots for my daughter for christmas. I was a little nervouse because she wanted the ugg boots. With four children sometimes a compromise is in order so when I saw these at a more reasonable price, I got them. When she opened them, she at first didn't even realize they weren't the ugg's. She has been wearing them since and I'm guessing started a new trend because others have been asking her where she got them and they also like the cost. In comparison to the more expensive boots, she says "no difference"
I was very pleased with the socks.  They were just what we were looking for!  Thanks so much
I purchased this bra on a special for 6.50. Well worth that price. i am thinking of purchasing more at the current price. very comfortable and great fit----great everyday bra for larger chests (I am a 38D
i've got really sensitive feet and i get blisters really easily, sometimes within 5mins of wearing a new pair of shoes. my quest for the comfortable ballet flat has ended here, after months of searching! the heel is nice and soft but there's still sufficient support here (for me that is. for those of you out there with back problems, it might not be sufficient). i got them in the gold, which is a gorgeous pale lame, and am currently lusting over the black :
Great buy for 20 bucks. They look nice and fit well. They are distressed but it is not as bad as I thought it would be from reading the other reviews. They look nice with jeans and a dark shirt. Pretty comfy too
As manufacturers continue to shed unprofitable lines and present "one size fits all,"it becomes increasingly difficult
for those of us who wear narrow sizes to find shoes that fit in
anything other than the most expensive brands. These shoes
are well made and an excellent value. The only negative
is that are made from a wider last and have an internal spacer
to make them narrow. The heel tends to wallow a little bit in
my particular case
This is an outstanding shoe!  It has good support, looks great and cleans easily.  The price is comparable to any good quality, kids', athletic shoe.  An excellent choice for an active athlete who hasn't yet grown into adult sizes.  
i was very satisfied with my purchase of these items.reasonable price and am very happy with items
it means so much to me to be able to buy a pair of jeans that fit me in length.  ya who.
Am
I liked the timeliness that the merchandise arrived. They fit my husband's feet well and he likes them. The only down side is that when he tried to tighten them the leather lace broke and so now we have to try to find something like it to fix the lace.
The slippers are great!  They do seem to be on the large side of a 15.  My husband had to put paper in the toes.  He wears 15 in every thing else
I was so impressed with the quality and correct sizing for this suit.  My little guy looked so grown-up and handsome in his new suit!! Thanks so much !
Not best for running but look very cool.  comfortable enough to wear for styl
One of the most comfortable bras I've ever worn.  I own several, and they're just about all I'll wear!  Very nice fit, and good look under clothes
I get compliments every time I wear this. I took a chance, because I tend to be a bit plump. As other reviewers noted, the sleeves do run snug. But otherwise it's a great jacket at a great price. The grommets are just so fun.It is fully lined. I just love this modern addition,and it's not too "young" feeling, just right.
I got this jacket last week, I liked it for the price i paid
Single Style, good shoes. I think is a nice choice to every day work
They look nice and feel AMAZING.  I bought my husband 2 and as soon as they arrived he asked me to buy him a few more.  They're great and the cushion doesn't 'flatten out' in the wash
My friend was very happy with them.  They are very good quality, and they fit him for the most part.  The only issue we had was the length of the arms.  They were a little too long.  Other than that, we were pleased.  They got here in time for Christmas, and they were just what he wanted
Of all men's silk PJs that I purchased over the years for my husband this is one of the best.  The fabric has a nice heavy weight to it and it survives machine washing well.  After reading other customers' reviews, I purchased a medium size for a person who usually wears size M and occasionally L.  It turned out too small.  I would recommend going one size up
I LOVE these shoes...I have been searching for the right ballet/audrey hepburn style flats for years. I also love the price
It's a very durable bag. I run trails a lot and I was looking for something to carry my running items during the winter season, durable as well as comfortable, and cheap so I don't have to worry about ripping it. The straps are padded and feel really secure on my shoulders. The part that lays across your back is nicely padded and has already saved me on some nasty spills. And if you need it for books, the padding will keep the books from poking your back. I would imagine it would be a bit hot on your back in the summer though.  
I expect I will tear it to shreds eventually, but for the price it's worth it.
The fit is great. Sexy slim look and feel. Slight stretch to add to comfort and hugging feel of the denim. Got lots of compliments
the price for the slippers was average- no big discount, but they arrived at my front door in time for Christmas. That was a big plus. And my daughter loved them
Very cute tops, for a nice price.  They wash up good.  They do run a little big, just so you are aware
The beading on the bag is fantastic, and its very cute.  The color is even more exquisite in person.  It's just big enough to hold ID, a little money, and a lipstick, perfect for going out at night
my hubby liked this shirt -it was a great christmas present
They are perfect for kids daily lunches.  Would like to order more but don't where to start. Lost all the ordering information
i purchased this bag recently for an overseas trip (along with the 20" nxt roller) and i'm very happy with it.  the styling and fit is excellent, and it holds more than i expected.  it's comfortable to hold in your hand or to sling over your shoulder.  i purchased the black version.  with victorinox's lifetime guarantee you can't go wrong!  amazon.com is very competitive on price on this bag, and though there were a few stores that were cheaper i felt it was worth it to go with amazon if only because i trust them
My son loved these jeans.  The jeans were very comfortable. The best thing about them was that because my son is so thin the elastic adjustments were perfect
Good quality workmanship, very authentic looking and sizes are easy to fit. 
I would buy another one. 
robert
Soft, durable, breathable fabric.  Perfectly flexible for vigorous practice.  I'm glad I bought these
THE BOOT IS GREAT BUT IT DOES RUN A WEE BIT LARGE, IF BETWEEN SIZES, GO DOWN NOT UP IF YOU WANT A CLOSER TO REAL FIT. THEY ARE FUN AND DO THE JOB WELL
It's really hard to buy scrub pants on-line because everyone is different. Cherokee always fits perfectly and good quality. I think they should consider a wider array of sizes in petite. By the time I finished hemming them, I didn't have that cute slit at the bottoms. They wash well and wear well
The item is much better than any others that I have got through out the years. It should last a long time. Not rip easy. It feels very sturdy. I think it is real good
This jacket and pants are not the high end breathable rain gear you want on a week long backpacking trip. This is the rain gear you keep in your pickup truck for when you least expect. It will keep you perfectly dry. You will sweat a little on a warm day, but it is well worth the money for a cheap, dependable and totally waterproof suit. enjoy the rain and mud. 
I own lots of shoes...but I don't wear them...truth be told, I detest having things on my feet. I somehow think that if my feet are being smothered than somehow in some way, my spirit...my soul is also being somthered. But if I am in a suituation where I have to have something on my feet, I reach for my "Birks". Now if you have never owned a pair, you are to still call them Birkenstocks because only the people who own them are allowed to call them Birks. Birks are a sacred thing, and we can't just allow anyone to call them "Birks" now, can we? If we did, there would be total anarchy.
I own three pairs of this particular model. They are all the same color and I get teased a lot because who on earth would buy three pairs of sandals that look exactly the same? Well, I would. I have my grubby pair that I wear when I'm at the beach and I don't care if they get wet or torn up by rocks if I happen to go look in the tidepools and such, I have my casual pair that I wear to barbecues and church...yeah, I wear sandals to church...what about it? Jesus did...and then I have my nice pair that I wear to work and events where I don't want my wife to be completely embarrassed by the fact that I'm wearing sandals...she still is, but in my mind I'm justifying the fact because I'm wearing the "nice ones". In fact, my wife usually calls the returaunt that we might be dining at to see if it's appropriate to wear sandals and if it isn't, I really don't want to eat there. Dang elitists.
I'm thinking of getting another pair. Will I throw out the oldest pair? No. You don't throw out the Mona Lisa cuz it's old, do you? It is sooo obvious that you have never owned a pair of Birkenstocks. 
Are they pricey? Yeah, sure...a lot more pricey than those Fakenstocks you're wearing, but they'll last a lifetime and maybe even longer.
So get a pair today...get two pairs...heck, get three pairs...and no, I am not being paid for my endorsement of this product in any way.
I firmly believe that when your feet are happy, you're happy. So bless your soles with a gift from the gods. You'll be glad you did.
These are very cute and they fit great.  I wear them all the time
ordering was easy, arrived in 4 days, gloves fit, well and good quality, good buy,recommend  to purchas
When I play basketball, or in the past when I did Jiu-Jitsu then too. Anyway, they keep me warm and tight like a brace in the way that so my muscels don't pull or cramp. Anyway, I guess they look o.k. too, but who would see them anyway...THEY'RE UNDERWEAR!!!!
take care and good luck
I LOVE this shoe! 
It's a perfect heel height, classic pointed toe, comfortable design with coverage enough to enclose even a wider foot. Perfectly proportioned with all-day comfort.
If I win Lotto, I plan to order every color with spares in case it's ever discontinued.
The natural leather is lovely, but scuffs easily. I strongly recommend buffing with neutral polish or saddle soap/oil to give it a bit of durability.
HIGHLY recommended, even for wider feet!
This is not a basket short or soccer short, NO!!!! it's a very very nice beach short or just to sunnys day specialy in my country... With hot beaches all year, and beatyfull shopping mall near you can use this shorts for both activities.. That's why i bought it and don't mess the shoppin
Once while traveling, I had a big blister on my heel and needed something that wouldn't rub my heel. I happened to get a pair of Crocs since the strap can be moved forward to look like trim over the front. I was pleasantly surprised by the Crocs - very cushiony soft, like walking on air. Also the material is insulating enough to keep your feet warm yet the air holes ventilate enough that your feet don't get sweaty either. 
I originally got the Crocs for temporary use but now I look forward to slipping into them everyday when I get home. It's wonderful to feel such cushioning on my feet with every step. They've replaced my slippers, mocassins, surf shoes and sandals.
I have to say, those crocs are the best. they are super confi, and light... I recommend them
     These shoes keep my feet cozy all the way through a twelve hour shift, walking on concrete floors
I purchased a pair of these shoes several months ago in a goldish/platinum color.  They were so comfortable that I purchased two more pair in different colors!  The straps are VERY comfortable - they're elastic and not tight or constraining.  The shoe leather is very soft and not hard on your toes.  I can wear these shoes for both the AM and PM services to church, where I usually have to wear a different pair for the PM service because my feet hurt so bad!  It's hard to find a comfortable pair of heels, so when you can find them, stock up on them
This purse has a lot of positives going for it:
1. Great design - the embroidery is very intricate and detailed and looks gorgeous.
2. The color is very glamorous.
3. It is a deal at this price (although I bought it when it was $5 higher)
4. It is unique and I love it because I am unique :)
In short, I love it
I have arms like a gorilla, so I was pleasantly surprised at the length of these sleeves. They fit even my appendages nicely. I followed the advice of the other reviewers and I'm glad I did, for the large is a perfect fit on me, and I'm pretty slender. The material is fairly thin, but not see-through. Overall, I say this shirt is a good value
I never seem to have luck shopping for bras, so just took a chance on these off of another review that I had read.  They were a great deal and a wonderful fit.  I would highly recommend
This is a beautiful shoe by Rockport, but beware, it runs really narrow.  I even went a size up from my usual to compensate.  I ended-up sending them back anyway.  So if your foot is on the narrow side you may enjoy this sandal
This isn't a review of this product, so much as it's a review of the impression it makes.  Anyone who was in Paris around the turn of the century will remember Aubade's "Lecons de Seduction" advertising campaign, of which the image shown here for this "tanga" was a part.  Each item of lingerie featured in the ads featured a little piece of advice to the wearer as to how she could use this item to make the right sort of  impression ... and isn't that just what frilly little underthings like this are for?  Nothing has made a stronger impression on us
I followed the advice of the reviewers before me and ordered them a half size bigger than I normally would and they fit great!  Super cute with jeans or a sexy dress!  Great job Jessica
These shoes make my feet look so tiny but they are so cute!  I wore them with jeans and will wear them with a pencil skirt next week. Turns out Jessica makes pretty good shoes.........CUTE!!!
Highly recommend shoe, BUT you might need a larger size than usual. I wear Easy Spirit 7 1/2 W but found this shoe too snug in both width and length, and had to return
These are the first mootsies tootsies I have owned and I love em.Since then I have bought another pair of loafers and a pair of their boots.  These shoes are very comfortable
The presentation of the product is claer and attractive and the product is durable, comfortable and goodlooking
THIS IS A GREAT PRODUCT THAT I HAVE BEEN PUCHASING FOR 15 PLUS YEARS. CAN I ORDER MONOGRAMED SHIRTS FROM THIS SITE
I gave this shoes to my girlfriend and she just love them, she says they are really confortable, and i find them really pretty. A really good buy it is
Ordering online and not being able to try on clothing can be risky but it paid off with this purchase. I just wish it wasn't "hand wash only".
I originally started wearing Hanky Panky thong panties b/c my husband purchased some for me awhile back. Recently I stepped out of the box and ordered the low rise thong panty and again I'm thrilled.
I wear low rise jeans, shorts, etc and these low rise thong panties take the worry out of showing off my back side when I bend over or pick something up. I never feel as though I need to reach back to check to see if I'm giving a show or not! They're just as comfortable as the others -- the just ride lower on your hips. They're very sexy too!
I suggest ordering from Bare Necessities b/c they offer free shipping with any $40 purchase. That's three pairs of thongs -- you can't beat that. And... once you try these you'll be hooked like me and be ordering them in every color!
Go for it!!!
I use this all of the time.  It gives good protection, ease of use, and good handling.  Only disadvantage is that you can not keep it on when putting the unit in a vetical dock.  However, this is true of any protective skin.  Outstanding product.
As a new 36DD (can't wear underwire) this is the most supportive and comfortable bra on the market.  For the past 5 years (since my surgery) I've been searching for the perfect bra.  I have finally found it! 
recipient was very satisfied with this blanket as PB are his initials
A friend suggested these shoes for waltzing around the neighborhood. I will never forget that day.
The first thing you must know about these shoes is that they are horribly uncomfortable at first. With stiff plastic boards attached to your feet, you wander around wondering why you'd ever wasted your money. Soon, however, they start to mold to your feet. They take on every bone, every curve, every nitch. The next thing you know, it's like wearing a glove. Perfect shoes that seemed to be made just for you. As they age, they eventually start to smell, and you replace them and repeat the whole process.
I love these shoes. However, they do not love me. After years of wearing them, the lack of arch support finally did me in... I developed foot problems that rendered walking impossible for a few days. The pain lasted months. With time, and care, my feet are better. But I can't go back to these amazing shoes.
My suggestion is to wear them sparingly.
These are wonderful sandals. Tried to find flat slingback sandals in the stores but to no avail. Finally did the right thing and went online. Great Sandals at a very reasonable price. You won't be sorry if you purchase these. Very stylish and very comfortable
these are the most warm and comfortable slippers.  i would recommend these to everyone
can't believe how true to size they are. They're quite easy to move in, and they're simple and beautiful. Not at all cheap-looking for the price. I expected less and got more
I love this shoe! It looks very elegant on the foot and there's a little bit toe cleavage which is always a plus! But make sure to go half a size up. It's a little snug in the front and it takes a couple wears to break it in.
I love Puma shoes--especially the Future Cat Low.  Puma is by far the best quality sneaker I've ever had.  The price of their shoes is a bit more than the average, but you get what you pay for.  They are great-looking and are extremely comfortable.  I am so pleased with these shoes that I plan on only purchasing sneakers from Puma from now on.  I've bought four different Future Cats: dark shadow/persimmon orange, black/white/Chinese red, white/black/vapour blue, and black coffee/white/burnt olive
Like the photo implies, and like most 2(x)ist men's products, this underwear is sexy, comfortable, flattering and made of quality materials. 
Believe me, this trunk truly has a pouch. A big one. Its actually just the right size for me, and I am sure you will have no problem fitting in it/filling it. The lines around it simply call more attention to your more prized areas, so its really nice. 
Of course, the pouch is this size because of the general loss of material elsewhere in the trunk to make this "no-show." I had no problem with this being no show, wearing my lowest-rising jeans with it. Basically this underwear is meant to be fully appreciated when you are not wearing your pants :) 
For me, this trunk was not uncomfortable, given its diminished size and intent to be no-show. Granted, in those moments of excitement, things do get a little more - eh, crowded. But a pleasant side effect is that it will look herculean in size if you are only in your underwear. I did not experience much more discomfort than I did in any other brief/boxerbrief/trunk. 
This pair is made of 100% cotton, so those of you who do not appreciate the synthetic materials from the X-Factor line may enjoy this feature. My only complaint is that the leg openings do not "cling" to me as stongly as the waistband since they are not made of elastic or nylon, etc. But that is just minor. 
The waistband is, as always, a remarkably soft material mix and a more discreet height, in keeping with the no-show design. 
May I suggest you go for the extra-bold 2(x)ist No Show Trunk 3133C, which comes in contrasting colors - same product, same price, just sexier! 
I cannot reccommend this trunk enough, and within hours, it became my favorite 2(x)ist product in my collection
Purchased these for my husband. He absolutely loves these sandals. He initially thought the little nubbies would feel strange. However, he got over that thought fast when he slipped them on and went tromping around the yard. He uses them for a quick slip-on shoe to run outdoors. Wears them every day. Thanks for a nice slip-on! Also these are sturdy though very light weight
These are exactly what I was looking for.  I've been wearing this type of ear muff for 20 years.  Everytime I break or lose a pair I spend months looking for its replacement.  After I received my first pair, I ordered enough to last me another 20 years.  I hate the around your neck ear muffs so popular these days.  They are uncomfortable and they cost more
I'm in love with these sandals.  Although they are very lightweight, they are vastly more substantial, supportive and comfortable than most flip-flops.  I may have to buy another pair.  If you're a half-size, go down not up
I bought these because I normally can't wear a shoe without my orthodic insert. These are great. Very comfortable. I plan on living in them this summer.
I bought a size 8 croc which was fine. These were on the big size so I exchanged them for the next smaller size. I guess I am a 7 and 1/2 so if you are inbetween sizes, go smaller with the Athens Croc
I love these Crocs!  They are much more comfortable than the original style, and I like the two tone color combo.  I wear them even in the winter
This is a great fit for a silk shirt. I thought it would not be a close fit being silk, but I was wrong. This item fits snug and looks great on. Both alone and layered.  I would recommend this shirt to people that like the look of a tight tank.
The jersey of our #54 got here for my wife in time for Super Bowl and she was very happy.(With the jersey NOT Grossman
My 11 year old wanted these shoes. All her friends at school thought they were so cooland want a pair. Plus they slip on and off so quick and are great for PE and the palyground. I would buy these shoes again, without a doubt. Keds makes a wonderful product and I think she'll out grow them before they even think about wearing out. Great value for the money.
These shoes are so comfy!  I love the no shoe string thing too.  Easy and comfortable.  What more could you ask for
I just received this bag today and I am absolutely in love with it.This bag looks alot more expensive then it is and the inside is HUGE!!! With a zip pocket and additional large pocket and smaller one that is perfect for my mp3 player. My husband got it 100% right with this little surprise. So if you enjoy a large bag that looks great on your arm this one is it expecially for the price!!!
Both our son and his wife and myself are very pleased with the undershirts. It was very difficult to find the shirts that openned on the side, so I appreciate them being offered on your site and will remember the brand in the future.
The Lilyette Maximum Support bra is well made and wears well.  It holds up to frequent washings and retains its support features.  It is comfortable
I have just recieved my pair of boxer-briefs for my son.  I took A kid's review's idea and got one size smaller for my son.  I asked him how they felt and he said that they felt really good.  I asked him if they give him enough support and he said yes and he even told me, I don't know why, but he told me that he can get his hand down the boxer-briefs and take it out without the boxer-briefs streching and loosing their tightness
I travel a lot, especially during the summer months, and these packs are the best thing since Ziplock bags!!  They are a must, in all sizes, for the traveler.  Helps things and people get/stay organized; an absolute must!!
I love naughty monkey! I'm so happy with their shoes! They don't hurt my feet
This is a wonderfully comfortable and good looking pump especially if you're looking for a slightly wider toe box.  It looks great with a skirt or slacks.   My only complaint is that after finally accepting that a wide width is the most comfortable, and kindest to my feet, I can't find my size (6.5 W) in navy.  I have the shoe in black.  If anyone from Naturalizer is reading this message; how about making more sizes and colors in wide widths available
I bought these slippers for my mother, who is 5 years post stroke.  She has difficulty keeping shoes and slippers on because she has no feeling in her left foot since her stroke.  Also she is always cold even when it is 80+ degrees outside.  These slippers have been wonderful.  They fit her well, they stay on and they keep her feet warm.
When she wears these out will definitly by another pair
Don't know where else to find a garter panty set (arrived fast too) for this price. They say economy, so wasn't expecting much, but we're still enjoying this set to spice up special evenings! We bought the One Size (for a size 8) and it is perfect and adjusts
Podr�a ser extra�o regalar una prenda de ropa �ntima, pero estos Boxer son lo m�ximo para regalar desde un primo hasta a un compa�ero de estudios, y claro para la pareja - e incluso para chicas. Son de algod�n, muy suaves frescos y ligeros. Los compr� talla M y auqnue son para un caballero delgado uno M de Medio llenito los puede usar con comodidad. Para mi gusto son un poco largos, pero eso tambi�n provee de comodidad a su usuario. esto es m�s que una prenda de ropa interior es algo que provoca lucir y ver lucir. El estampado fue toda una celebraci�n "Saluda a mi peque�o amigo"!!!!!!, con este Boxer puedes pasearte en interiores en tu casa y a nadie le va a molestar
Good quality jeans at an affordable price. Size is just right, quite comfortable
I bought these for my son for Christmas, they were first quality, arrived in time for christmas,and at a great price
They are exactly what I was hoping they would be.  I love the contoured front pouch.  All the web sites I saw and read about them said you may want to order 1 size larger then normal.  I would agree with this unless you want a more snug fit.  My wife loves them as well and was quite pleased with the look and feel.  I ordered 4 different pairs of Unico's and they're all good quality and look and feel great
The slippers were perfect, exactly what I wanted.  The price was good and they were delivered sooner then I expected.  I'm very pleased with my purchase and it was so easy to do. Thank You very much
Great slippers, very comfortable. I love the fact that the front is open in case I just got a pedicure.  And the black ones are perfect because they don't show dirt like the white ones
Super comfortable.  Provides great support/coverage.  Love the front zipper.  No fighting to get over your head. 
These boots are so warm and soft! I usually wear a 7.5 and I ordered them in size 7 (even though they recommend sizing up for half sizes) and they fit perfectly. An awesome (and cheaper) alternative to Uggs
Very comfortable - looks great - makes it easy to move around in bed
I LOVE my new Steve Maddens!  They are brand new as described and I received them verrrry quickly
This is a nice shirt, not as warm as we had hoped though. The lining is quite thin. It washes fairly well, loses a bit of its shape but not a lot. A great shirt for the fall. Its roomy & comfortable
They were a nice quality, nicely priced, and were shipped promptly.  I would buy this brand again
My mother loves these pants.  I know they are for men, but she loves the way they fit her.  They are stain resisnt and that makes them that much better. 
I love this product, and the rest of the Pack-It system, beyond all reason.  I've given them as gifts repeatedly.
In effect, they give you "drawers" in your suitcase, and sub-drawers within the drawers of hotel dressers.  It's easy to take out a pair of slacks without disarranging everything else. 
The 18" folder works well for womens' shirts, blouses, and slacks.  I can easily fit say three pairs of slacks and two shirts into it.  If you want to carry more or fewer pieces, it's forgiving.  I use it for suit jackets too, folding them in across the width of the folder.
I've used mine often over perhaps 8 years, and they still look like new.
A standard-sized 21" roll-aboard suitcase will neatly hold: 1 18-inch folder (this product), two full-sized Pack-It cubes, a small pack-it sac holding travel adapters and rechargers, a toiletries bag (not from this sytem) and a pair of shoes (squeezed).  It also works to omit the cubes and use two 18" folders, depending on the clothes being packed.
I bought this bra because I was tired of seeing "nursing bra" lines under my shirts.  This is great.  I bought the L++ and it fits perfectly.  I am a 38DDD normally and durring my pregnancy a 40DDD was fitting too.  If you buy this bra, you will love it, just buy the correct size
This is just the perfect accessory for the CATS costume one of my dancers is using for our dance recital. Got this in gray and brown too! Took a while for the product to get here. In fact, I had to re-order because of the delay--but when finally the product arrived, it was worth the wait
Love this Kept Couture Toiletry Kit. I actually own two of them and give them as gifts during the holidays to my friends. The bag has a vinyl liner which is extremely helpful when your shampoo bottle leaks during travel. It keeps the leaky goods all inside - won't ruin the other stuff in your suitcase. And, it's a perfect size. It can hold about 10 days' worth of toiletries.
I bought three pairs of Clarks from Amazon when I saw the $20 coupon and as usual, scored with free shipping. Clarks' quality is tops and the prices were great, too!
I got these in earth color. They look really good with jeans. Comfy with or without socks. The soles are gonna last a while.
These have some nice cush to them, and provide good support to my high-arched, tired feet
i don't have a lot of experience with compression shorts, but i am very pleased with this product. the fabric does not lose compression over time (although i've only had them a short time). the fit is good, the fabric is comfortable. i've gotten into the habit of sleeping in them, and they work great for keeping you toasty. i wish products like this were around during the years i played college soccer
I like the flip case. It is exactly what i wanted. However,the clip has fallen off a few times when i hit it.
 FIT IS PERFECT.  VERY COMFORTABLE.  4 STARS.   WOULD PURCHASE AGAIN.
                              MARY S
These black satin Isotoner slippers are extremely comfortable and fit extremely well. They are flexible enough to mold to the shape of your feet but strong enough to cushion your feet, as well. They are well worth the purchase
I was unable to find my size in local stores and located this product on Amazon for less than $30, retail price, even on sale, was $60. The jacket arrived in about a week. Its nice and warm, very good quality. The upper torso/shoulders and elbow patches are covered in a heavy nylon which repels water and will help it hold up to wear and tear. It fits great and looks good. Only small complaint is the elastic draw string around the bottom which cinches at the side and is a bit too long so it sticks out a little. But all in all I'm very pleased
Fit well.  Great for all kinds of athletic workouts.  I'm ready to buy a couple more pairs
For the money, these are a great value.  Unlike a comment above, I have not found these short at all, but average in length
love these little gems... perfect at 1 size below normal size.
you won't want to take them off
I bought these slippers as a Christams gift for my 16 year old daughter, she was very happy to get them as I guess they are the "in" thing for teenagers in her school. She loves them and actually wears them to school they are so comfy! Price is high, but they are well made and will last much longer than the typical slipper, these are more like shoes than slippers. The sheep skin & wool lining is very sturdy & luxerious
I really like these.  I do recommend getting a size smaller. I normally wear and 8.5 and ordered a 7 and they fit perfectly. super comfortable!
Yeh, these are really great socks... but what's up with James? If new socks changed my life, hey I need to get a little something goin' on. Back to the socks...my favorite, in black, low cut, workin' out or hangin' out
I love this jacket.   It is lightweight but still warm enough to wear in all but the coldest weather.  It is also long enough to cover my rear.  Very good in the rain, too
My boyfriend loves tommy socks but they are impossible to find in New Mexico and I have looked everywhere for them.  I gave them to him for christmas and he thought they were the greates
This is a lovely fat scarf that looks like it was hand-knitted from scraps, just like I used to do before I got bored with knitting. It's squishy and warm and the perfect combination of colors for me; I just cut off the tag and people think I made it myself. (Don't tell!) 
Not high fashion, but very warm and comfortable
I bought this for my boyfriend. It is soft and comfy. It is definitely comfy for me to snuggle with. And as a bonus he likes it too. My only complaint is that the sleeves are little too long. But overall we are very happy with the purchase
I love this skirt.
I wear it with my "Live a Little" denim jacket, so cute.
I find it to be really figure flattering.
I ordered a size 6 and it fit perfect.
Nice to find a denim skirt that's a little different than the other zillions out there
I like Bike swimmer jocks. I think they look better and are more comfortable then the standard old jocks with waist bands that are too big and can roll and pinch you. This is all you need to keep you in place. They don't cover any more than they need to. They're all you need when you jog (I don't think anyone actually wears them swimming anymore). The swimmer jock style in general is like that, regardless of the manufacturer. However, I'm giving it a 4 because I prefer jocks in non-cotton fabrics like nylon, polyester, and Coolmax. They are much softer and can whick better. Plus, there are now ones that look more modern and have funkier colors, such as ones by Calvin Klein and Baskit. Why not add to your fun when you jog?
I ordered this bra as well as the Olga Women's Perfect Fit Full Figure, black, 38DDD.  This bra provides much better lift, support and separation than the Olga.  I think it is because the cups are seamed.  I'd recommend it to any woman who is petite in stature (I'm 5'2"), and also has a large bra size (I'm a 36DDD).
I love these jeans -- I have 3 pair and they are the only jeans I wear.  Just enough stretch to be comfy but not too tight.  I wear a size 14 and these jeans fit me great. 
If you are a grandma on a budget, it can be difficult to find useful items for grandsons.  I thought that this was a good buy at $7.99 for my 11-year old grandson for either his birthday or Christmas.  I would have given five stars, but there was not a complete list of teams offered
These thong sandals run true to size and are very lightweight.  They are also a shiny patent material.  These are the pluses.  The one minus that is just a thing with me is that they come up far on my foot.  That is, the toe piece seems a bit long.  I kept them because I know I will throw them on all summer to run around with my kiddos around the house.  I also do not think that they are really worth the price.  Yes, they are Tommy Hilfiger, but the name is all you are really paying for.  They are an okay shoe, overall - not my favorites
i have purchased other hats from well known companies. these hats are great for the money and are constructed well. good job!
Stretches to fit you exactly.  The smooth fabric holds everything in place.  Contrast waistband and package support make this underwear look very sexy.  Highly recommended
These sweatpants are extremely comfortable, reasonably priced and come in a variety of colors...Definetly a great buy..
I found this product to be of very high quality and the transaction of the product was great.
I recommend this for anyone looking for great bag, especially as a gift
i regret to say that i did not receive the shoes..!!
I am very happy with my velour slippers .They are a perfect fit and very comfortable.I received my order promptly and plan to order again in the future
The shirt came fast.It's a good quality shirt.I'm satisfied with it
This is great.  I measured before I put it on & after.  I lost over 2 inches.  I highly recommend this
I, like many many others, ordered the 4811 and 4911 when I read the article.  I ordered directly through herroom.com on 6/24.  I knew it was going to be a long wait, and they also sent me 3 e-mails during the summer to let me know that they hadn't forgotten my order, but the delays were significant due to the heavy demand.  They always gave me the option of cancelling my order, since they don't charge my card until they ship out the order.  I almost did, but my order finally came 9/10, and I must say that they really are the most comfortable thongs I've ever worn.  I've already placed another large order, as Christmas gifts for my friends!
I really like this case, it fits so perfectly that the Zen doesn't rattle around or anything, yet all the plugs and buttons are still accessible.  Easy to get on and off, too, and looks great
These keep your feet warm and toastie. Will want more when these wear out
This is a lovely, lovely bra.  It supports, lifts, and minimizes, creating a flattering shape underneath clothing.  The wide straps are gentle on the shoulders, leaving no ugly marks after long periods of wear.  The back doesn't ride up, and the three hooks serve as a strong anchor.  The plunging lace neckline is invisible even under a tight t-shirt, and dare I say it, looks pretty sexy.  Yes, you can be well supported and attractive- bless ye, St. Olga
It is perfect for my three year old to carry his toys...instead of me carrying them!!!
I bought it for my boyfriend for the gym.  He would carry all his extra gym clothes, wallet, keys, and phone all bundled up in his arms and shove everything in the locker dropping everything along the way.  He really likes it and especially the extra front pocket allows him to seperate small stuff. Not very many other products have that extra pocket.  Very sturdy material and the size is just right
This is a Great Gown for the price. It's comfy, soft, and there is even a small bit of support for the big busted girls out there. Moreover, it's sexy! Hope yall enjoy
Very happy with this product. They are substantial so they are &quot;suitable&quot; for a Medium or Large and not someone who is Small.
 Delivery was fast and it was well packed. Shipping was included, though I didn't realize it until the end of the ordering process.
After i tired Jockey No Line Promise Hip Brief , i will never purchased anything els
These boots fit like a glove and are so sleek looking.  They are comfortable and a great buy.  A nice pair of black boots is essential to any wardrobe
The service was expedient and the bras fit perfectly.  Just what I expected and wanted
I ordered these shoes the minute I saw them featured on a fashion segment on the Los Angeles morning news. I have a new-found love for flats and the more comfortable, the better. I recieved them in the mail the other day and can't wait until it warms up a little so I can wear them (I'm in cold Chicago). They have a rounded-off pointy toe which make them very flattering, you could even dress them up. They are more cushy and comfortable than I ever remember Keds being. 
I ordered my true size, 7.5, and these feel almost perfect, maybe just a  little roomy, but I'm not going to bother exchanging them because I'm afraid a 7 may end up being too small. I haven't owned a pair of Keds since high school in the early 90s, nor have I tried any on since then because I was in denial of Keds being cool again, so I couldn't remember what size I used to wear -- but I'm very, very happy with these shoes overall
This is the fifth pair of Club Cs I've owned, the second in black. I believe they're the best combination of durability and comfort on the market. I'll undoubtedly buy another pair when these wear out
These are comfortable slippers that -- with composite soles -- can take you out on the deck, to the front steps or even your driveway to pick up the morning newspaper. Your feet will stay warm but not uncomfortably so. They're even nice to wear when temps are a little higher because the clog design fits loosely at the heal so you can let your feet "breath" a little fresh air. Nice value for the price
Love them.  They feel as comfortable as tennis shoes, and give the right support when doing a lot of walking, but at the same time they look more hip and dressier then tennis shoes
Having sampled 100% cotton pinpoint shirts both on-line and from the stores themselves, my husband keeps returning to his favorite, the Land's End pinpoint.  Without a doubt, the quality is unsurpassed and its longevity is legendary! Now, when its time for new shirts, we don't think twice and go directly to Land's End and order.  They also have the widest color selection and each color is true to its picture and flattering to all
All Aerosoles have that extra aaaahhh when you wear them, and these are no different.  I've worn them with skirts, slacks and jeans, my daughter (teen) liked them so much that she bought herself a pair.  I liked my black pair so much that I bought them in brown also
Purchased this for my son. He loves wearing it (he's a big fan of ny and the pd). Fits well, washes well
excellent product for the price  a lot cheaper than the bridal shop  fast shipping  thank
I bought this tank in red & the color of the fabric is wonderfully vibrant.  The quality of the fabric is so nice that I wore the top to dinner with a printed skirt & received several compliments on the outfit.  Caution! This style runs about 1 size small.  Athletica offers excellent, personalized customer service and every one of the 10 tank tops I ordered were of a quality for which some brands cost as much as $38. 
It's a little on the thin side for snowy or freezing weather, but great in keeping the chill off when you're out and about, or at the game. The blue is actually more of a royal blue than navy blue, but the lettering is well stitched and is the same quality used on MLB baseball caps (also has the MLB logo on back). It folds up easily and can be tucked into a jacket pocket with room to spare. The price is great and makes a great gift
Stylish and comfy... What more could you ask for?  My husband was very pleased
My DH has worn Clark oxfords for some time and says they are the best fitting and most comfortable shoes he has ever owned. This new pair of Clarks, the Citadel Oxford, is his new favorite because it is light weight, casual, and so comfortable.
WOW.. what can't I say about these shoes... I've bought two pair in different colors & absolutely LOVE them for their comfort and snazzy, fun appearance. They're great at work and at play, and even during outings that require alot of walking. Highly recommend!!
GREAT price. I have another pair of these shoes I bought elsewhere at twice this price. Very comfortable. True to size.
Reef makes the best sandals, the price is pretty much set, no real savings here, but the selection is great.  They may look like other sandals, but don't be fooled... They're TOP NOTCH
These Crocs are very unique. They have a comfortable footbed that cradles your foot. They are shaped like a Birkenstock, but with closed cell foam instead of cork as the footbed. The closed cell foam is very lightweight but dense so you can walk around in comfort. I wear them just about everyday to work. I chose the closed toe model without the holes in the top because I work in a laboratory where having your feet exposed is not a good idea. The ones with open holes in the top offer more ventilation. And, because Crocs float in water, they make great shoes for boating or kayaking. They drain well and dry out quickly, plus if you do manage to slip one off it will bob along on the surface until you fetch it. 
I know that a lot of doctors and nurses wear these because they allow you to stand comfortably for hours at a time. They are also great because they can very easily be washed off completely in just a couple of minutes. I wear them when I am gardening too and then just wash all the mud off the shoes with the hose outside.
In short, the Crocs are comfortable and versatile shoes. Treat your feet and buy them today
Raglan and cap sleeve makes it more edgy than wearing a plain old t-shirt. Good quality for the price.  I usually wear a medium but ordered the XL and it's a good fit (fitted but not too tight)
Size was true. I just did not like the
These boots look good with jeans. Can be loose, but comfortable with thick socks
I love Birkenstocks and when I saw the Eaton Clog at such a low price, well, say no more.  Once you know your size, you can buy Birkenstocks from anywhere.  I just never expected to find them on amazon.com.  They're a little dressier style than my usual Bostons and I just love them
I love my Birkenstock shoes.  They fill great.  I am a registered nurse. I am on my feet constantly all day.  These shoes are great for the support my feet need.  They are really comfortable. I will definately be purchasing more in the near future. 
This was inexpensive, attractive, excellent windbreaker. Only minor problem is a tiny bit too much fabric around the zippers so care must be taken to zip and unzip. 
I have received countless compliments on these rain boots. I love them, and I guarantee you will too! They are comfortable, stylish, and keep your feet dry in snow and rain. What a great purchase
This item is great - study and well worth the money - light weight =- the only negative review would be with the company that I purchased from - they did not participate in the sale the site was running. Other than that - they filled the order fast and was pleased with the service and the quality of this briefcase
I am very pleased with the soft briefcase I purchased.  It is so much easier to handle than a hard one.   I would purchase another item from the same manufactuer if I need something else
Unfortunately I never received the product I purchased.  The company claimed that they sent via USPS and I never received it.  So as far as the company is concerned I am out of the money I spent, plus the product.  I have received no satisfaction
These jeans are extremely soft and comfortable. Like most children's place merchandise the quality is nice and cut a little larger then other brands. My only negative thought is that the material should be a little thicker. My boys are tough on their clothes
We loved this pair of sneakers for my 22 mo. old so much that we bought it in the next size up so that we/he could keep using them. They are so easy to get on him, and we all know some are SO difficult. These slide right on while pulling the tongue. They are also wide enough for his "flinstone" feet, lol. They break in well for flexibility too.
Skechers just seem to fit my feet well. Lucky me. These were inexpensive, solidly constructed, comfortable, and (at least in my eyes) stylish. What more could I ask for in a casual shoe
I am very happy with this product, its comfortable and good looking. Worth buy...
Stretchy, comfortable and made well- love this T-shirt! (Also its a slim fit and not really, really long like many are right now- more of upper hip length, which is great if you want to tuck it in!
I had the worst feet!  I ran my first marathon in May, and I was in a panic.  On my long runs in March and the first part of April I was going to quit!  My feet hurt so bad!  I was training on a lot of downhill runs, and therefore landed on the balls of my feet.  Ouch!  I think I would have been better off to run in nothing, than to wear what I had, which was a top of the line shoe.  I was desparate!  I found these Asics GT 2110 Men's Shoe (I'm a woman) and I felt 100% better!! I had support plus the cushion I needed for my sore feet, what an awesome shoe!!  I finished my marathon in them, I couldn't have done it without them.
There aren't many articles of clothing that allow people to support their favorite team, as well as appear smart and sexy at the same time. Red Sox hats, however, are just such an item. Go Sox
This product is great. Their are a ton of different ways to use this bag. From rolling it to carrying it like a backpack. I would advise anyone looking for luggage to look at this piece and no other. It is great. 
these panties fit great wash after wash. great quality and very smooth under dress or pant
The gazebo is very sturdy and works great in the sun and rain.  Adding the team cover is a great way to show your team pride during tailgate parties!  It takes a bit of practice to set up the unit but I believe that all gazebos have the same problem.
bought these several months ago at Ross Dress for Less in Oregon for $19.99 I love them I bought them in a off white since that was the only choice. Love the comfort of them, think the t-strap stays on my foot much better than the older birk style which is too wide & sloppy on my foot & the t-strap is cushioned so it doesn't hurt my wee toes, I wear a size 8-8 1/2 depending on the brand these say 39.5 don't know if that is correct sizing or not, I would highly recommend betula for very comfy quality made casual sandals, perfect for the beach or casual summer wear. I am a self-professed shoe addict & these are great for those days you want only comfort
These are by far my favourite yoga pants. Very flattering for practically every sort of figure--but more than that they're SUPER comfy. So stretchy that they feel like a second skin. And the foldover waist is very flattering with just a hint of support if you're self-conscious about your belly. Plus you can unfold it during your practice if you feel your T-shirt riding up. And sheer enough so you can slip a skirt over them after yoga class and you're good to go back on the street!
The biggest problem with these pants is that it's hard to want to wear anything else. I own some 4 pairs of these and LOVE them
Most flattering yoga pants I've ever worn.  I have an akward figure, long waist, big butt, a little pot belly, but these pants look and feel great.  Plus, I've heard the company pays a living wage to thier workers.  I want 10 pairs
This is one of the most comfortable shoes I ever owned.  Excellent quality and fit. 
these shoes wear well and match nicely with jeans giving you a nice fresh look. they also are easy on the feet. i like the suede versions best personally, but when winter hits its best to have the leather
These shorts look like normal hiking or outdoor shorts, but underneath they have a snug lycra lining and padding where you need it.  The construction is very sturdy, and the pockets are a great bonus.  I loved the first pair so much that I bought a second pair
I was very happy with my last order. It was easy to order and didn't take long to get the product. My grandson was a very happy little boy on christmas morning. Thank you so much for the great services.I will use amazon again and tell my friends about i
My 6-yr. old is football nuts right now and he loves his jerseys!  Great product and very well made.  Can also be very versatile worn by itself in the summer and with a shirt underneath in the winter
My son loves the jersey - a little pricey but a nice jerse
I bought this shirt as a gift for my husband, he LOVES it.  It's comfortable, fits well and looks new after multiple washings.  Along with my husband being happy I am VERY pleased with the service of Amazon.com.  I ordered one item from shop.com it took 20 more days then what they told me it would arrive and when I got the watch it wasn't the watch that I ordered......they don't even sell the watch they were advertising.  To top it off their customer service was not good, when I called amazon's customer service they were very helpful and nice! Therefore you can understand how much I appreciated that the MULTIPLE items I ordered from Amazon were delivered in a shorter time then estimated, the products were all GREAT and the service was great!
These look great with jeans, though I'm not a fan with skirts. I bought the black and now wish I could find the bronze in my size. I normally wear a 9, and depending on the brand I sometimes need a wide, but these I found the 8.5WW fits perfectly - go figure. Naturalizer runs very, very narrow. I love, love these shoes. I can dance all night without pain =) They are very cushioned, the top straps do not cut at all, and the heel height is super comfortable - more like a 2" heel. I so wish i could find these in other colors in WW!
This is the first time I've ordered shoes without trying them on, but these shoes were exactly what I was looking for and couldn't find in the department stores in my size.  I know the name Naturalizer so knew they would be good quality.  They fit perfect, and the price was right! Thank you Amazon
This was a long over due replacement for the Dopp kit that was given to me when I left for Vietnam. Its changed very little and is still of fine quality. I expect it will provide all the use I'll ever need
i am writing to u because i returned this item for exchange on size and print. what is the status of my exchange? thank u and hope to keep shopping your products, they are great
This was a Christmas gift for my friend's husband. He really liked it and said it was excellent quality
I was asked by my daughter to get these for Christmas. I got some for myself for my morning walks in -30C temps. They do not muss up my hair for the rest of the day, even when I have just gotten it done, and keep my ears toasty warm.  Great product and worth the money. My daughter is equally impressed.
These work great - but its important to know that these are adjustable! It doesn't say so on the box, so when I first got them I thought they were way too small for adult heads and I was quite annoyed - however, you can adjust them once you put them on, just pull very slightly and they will adjust to make them fit perfectly
they were slightly small and a tad too stiff.
but very cut
My husband is an in between size in waist and these new jeans allow that little extra umph that he needs to be able to be comfortable in his clothing.  We love them.  I gave him two pair for Christmas and he had me to order two more pair recently...seems he has decided to throw out the old ones and replace with these.  They look great too
after all these years buying this wrangler product this by far has been the cheaper price that i've ran across. i love it.
I was very satisfied with my purchase and am in the process of ordering more hats
The fabric in these slacks allow you to sit for hours and then stand knowing your slacks look neat and freshly pressed. They wash beautifully and require little or no ironing. My husband wishes all of his slacks wore this well. The hidden elastic makes the slacks just as comfortable when you are sitting down or bending down as they are when you are standing.
Frankly I wish I could find slacks for women that were this well made especially at the price Hagaar offers.
Haagar has done a terrific job again
I have owned a pair of these a year or more and have probably laundered them 30-40 times.  They are very comfortable for me, though comfort is highly variable for each person.  The material is light weight but appears of good quality and I do not detect any deterioriation. At first I was concerned about the elastic which appeared narrow and weak, but it still feels as strong as when new and holds fine.  I will purchase more of these to have in a mix of styles.
About the same time as I purchased these boxers I purchased a couple pair of Faconnable boxers at about twice the price with similarly light weight material.  One pair of these ripped recently. My experience is the CK material is holding up better than the Facconable that costs twice as much.
I doubt these will elicit much commentary from significant or potentially significant others
I have a wide, relatively short foot with a high arch and have lots of problems finding high quality dress shoes that fit.  Bostonians are the only quality shoes that fit me, so I have been loyal for the last decade.  I can't find them in my area, so Amazon is the only channel I use to get them
You can kind of see through them, kind of not. The skirt is like a nifty mini, the G-string is not uncomfortable. This outfit looks good on my girlfriends, looks good on me and it'll look good on you too
When I bought these shoes I didn't know they would look so pretty. I am glad I bought these shoes
  Purchased for our 6 ft 7 son and he is very pleased with them. They fit very comfortable and are long enough so that they do not come out of his belt line
Russell!  I really wouldn't buy any other kind.  Too bad they don't make concert T-shirts!  Great material, long-lasting.  The best
These are very pretty without too much fluff. The leather bottoms are padded which helps your feet especially if your home is on concrete slab. I love them
This is the standard style from the new line of Performance jocks from Bike. This waistband is slightly smaller than the traditional 3 inch, but very comfortable. The pouch fits nice and snug giving you perfect support and the leg straps don't twist or bind. Easy to launder and pretty inexpensive. I got rid of my old worn-out jocks and bought a few of these new ones. They're masculine, modern and comfortable, but not something that would be embarassing putting on or taking off at the gym (like an orange or blue jock). A good buy.  Comes in a black version, that is also great.  I've worn for working out, and just around town - good for both.
i'm 19 years old and saw these at bloomingdales the other day and decided to buy them. i took them home, tried them on, and i was absolutely amazed. They are a bit of a low rise, but that only adds to the flattery. and i like my underwear that way. There are a bunch of different sizes you can button the sling to, and once you find the perfect fit, you can hardly even feel that it's there. I give it a perfect score, and i am definatley going to buy more of these
Good quality for the great price.  Bought for my 10 year old son and should fit perfect.  Item was on backorder but still received in less than a week
This item was as I expected as far as the description, it is the quality I expected and I am pleased with it.  However, I bought it one size too large to be safe and it was so small it barely fit (It fit the way I feared the 2-X would fit that's why I bought the 3-X).  Don't know if it was mis-sized or what
I bought another of Clark's sandals a few years ago, which is why I ordered them again. These sandals were even more comfortable than the last pair! There was no break-in period with these shoes..I just put them on and spent the day in them without pressure points or blisters. I will buy more in other colors I'm sure. You can't go wrong with Clark's
nice shoes, cut a bit high in the back so I got blisters at first- love the fabric and color-prompt shipping and nice bo
This is a quality sweatshirt that I am enjoying wearing during the cold winter weather. I have had trouble, in the past , with other brands with the arms being too short or the body length being too short but that is not the case with this product . The only problem with the product is that it could stand to have more elastic at the bottom but this is a minor problem . The service was excellent and I will return for more BEARS gear
the price for the bundle is the best part of the whole thing. [...] doesnt carry these products. they sell an adapter and then a usb cord. which is what apple does for their ipods and is a rip off for money.
i like not having to worry with an annoying adapter when i want to charge my Zen. just plug in and walk away, not fiddle with the adapter to make sure it is inserted properly.
the case is abit annoying. it catches lint like you wouldnt believe. but i'm not getting scratches and I HAVE A KICK STAND! i use that kick stand the most - its actually the main reason i bought this set.
the bundle actually also arrived a few days before the Zen actually did, so it was sent FAST.
i love this.
get it
I love these shoes...in fact I ordered another pair in black.  They are very comfortable and look cute.  Hey...can't beat that
I was looking for an inexpensive but functional leather briefcase and this was exactly what I was looking for.  I have more than three electronic devices that I need easy access to - and the case has three outside pockets big enough to hold my devices.  The only thing missing is an outside place to put a pen or pencil.  I don't know how durable it will be, but I'm hoping, very!!
For the price, this is a good buy
What a great pair of pajamas these are.  So soft, non-binding, roomy, and great for lounging.  I've already decided to get another pair in a different color after the holidays.  Very good quality silk, well sewn and tailored.  I'm normally an XL tall but the regular XL fit fine
I purchased a pair and have been using it everyday from the past six months. The shoes are very comfortable and look very professional. Love them. 
Strong and tough.
Not to heavy. Has good grip on snow.
These are without question, the best panties for wearing with slacks.  No line at the leg, no line accross the middle of your behind, and no riding up.  They are also cut low enough to not show in a moderately low rise pant.  Sizing runs true to any other Maidenform pantie you've ever bought. Can be had cheaper at a Maidenform outlet store, but still well worth the price on Amazon.  Buy lots of them
Got this for my father.  He loves it.  Great coverage.  Easy to use
      Was shipped very promptly.
     Not the largest man's umbrella but well designed.
Looks like someone really studied how umbrellas can wreck themselves by blowing inside out. So that this one won't
Great pants. I bought these in a variety of colors and I am very satisfied
My baby is large for her age and wears 6-9 month sized clothes even though she is only 3 months old.  I ordered two of these hats sized 6-12 months.  They are way too big for my baby but will probably fit her when she is actually 6 months. Hats are made of t-shirt fabric and look just like the picture. You do have to tie your own knot on the top. Andrew Christian sent each hat in a separate envelope and they arrived on different days, but within the shipping time specified
The leather was good quality.  The wallet was well constructed.  I gave it as a gift and it turned out better than I it looked on the internet.  Grade A product
Whoever said the 80's are making a comeback wasn't lying!  I love American Apparel clothing especially this deep V-neck shirt.  Just know that it really is deep!  I'm only in my twenties but I almost feel like an older man when I wear this shirt; cut lower than other V-necks your chest hair is bound to hang out!  If your cool with that then go buy the shirt cause it can't get any more comfortable than it already is!  Honestly, I probably won't wear it anywhere other than the gym and home, but I still love it
It clearly says it is a MESH dress! I wore this for my wedding, outside in bright sunlight, and it certainly did not show everything, but do not expect it to be completely opaque, as it is a MESH dress with delicate lining.
As for the quality, it wore well, and the frayed edges are intentional and part of the design. Very fairy-like and pretty, and I was pleased to wear it
These t-shirts fit on the small side, for women (not Juniors) but are soft, comfortable, and well made.  I have bought 4
This is a great hard-side suitcase for the price.  It is basic and simple, but seems quite durable and functional.  I use it for taking my folding bicycle with me when travelling, and it is big enough that the bike fits in, but small enough that the airlines don't charge a premium for checking it.  It rolls very well on the built-in wheels, and unlike it's smaller cousin the Oyster, this rolls with much more stability due to the wide stance. The only reasons I didn't give it 5 stars are: 1) Sometimes the wide rolling stance is a hassle, e.g. going through narrow gates on a subway or similar, and 2) the built-in locks are not "TSA" locks, so in other words, they are useless for air flight.
I would buy this suitcase again
great value! have always wanted a samsonite brand, but in brighter colors. i finally purchased the single upright suitcase(s)and fell in-love.i bought the pink and red. my kids and i will be vacationing over seas,and i wanted a better quality, more spacious luggage.this is perfect!the delivery turn-around time was impeccable! we'll be leaving in a few days to visit southeast asia. and we got our suitcases this early moning. continue the excellent customer-service
Boots are warm & Cozy. However, the color was much lighter than pictured...not the end of the world. Also, the shipping took longer than expected
I purchased these boots for my daughter.  I bought two pairs for her younger sister and she fell in love with the look.  She tried them on at a local sporting store and just loved how they hugged and felt on her feet.  I would buy all colors of the rainbow if she asked
I used these Pajamas in the hospital after I delivered my baby and for the first 3 months of breast feeding.  You can wear them without a nursing bra since there is a way to to keep the nursing pads in. They are also very comfortable.  I wore them some days all day because they really don't look like pajamas.  I got them in blac
Reliable brand of work pants in a good selection of colors is all we're asking for
This is very comfy and pretty and a great price . Try it you will be sold. I am glad I did
This product is really GREAT for this Sansa e260 I purchased. Strongly recommend it this Mp3 player. It helps grip, bottons work better, and looks "cool"
I bought this sweatshirt last year and it is one of the most comfortable articles of clothing I own. I am a little ashamed to admit that I don't use it when exercising, its so comfortable I use it to lounge around the house.
I purchased this dress to be the maid of honor in my best friends wedding.  It arrived quickly, looked great, and was an awesome price.  It would be hard to beat this great deal
I bought these to replace an identical pair that I've been wearing for ten years. I got the old ones in London, and they were made in England. This new pair was made in China.  They have changed...some for the good and some for the bad.  There is now more toe room, which I like. However, both heel pads were ill fitted and loose. I had to trim them and stick them back in with super glue. I'm starting to really break them in now and I think I'll love them for years to come. They provide good ankle support and keep my feet warm. Buyer beware that these boots come very very stiff, and will take time to break in.  When I first get them, I just wear them around the house occasionally until I can actually wear them out for a bit. If you try to wear them too long when you first get them, they will most definitely wear blisters on your feet. Break them in slowly and you'll have a wonderfully comfortable pair of boots to last a long time.
Good quality. Beautiful color. However had a side zipper which my husband didn't like as much as a top zipper
These are basically plain black yoga pants but they fit fine, are good quality and have washed fine without shrinking.  It's hard to rhapsodise about them but they are more than adequate.
I own this halter top in black & white.  The colors are vibrant & the fabric quality is very good.  This style runs small, so order 1 size up for a comfy fit. This company's customer service rocks
The shoe is very comfortable along the insole with lots of cushioning - you can walk for hours without your feet feeling the stress.  However, there seems to be some inflexibility across the top of the shoe that can make pushing off when climbing inclines a slightly uncomfortable process.  I haven't owned the shoes very long so this may be a result of having to break them in. I do appreciate the covered toe which I feel is a very big bonus for this shoe - it's not obtrusive and doesn't ruin the look of the shoe at all, but definitely helps during the aforementioned pushing off during inclines in that the front of the shoe stays relatively undamaged.  The ankle support is good and hits right at the ankle bone so flexibility isn't impeded.  I live in a wet climate and have never had any issues with leaking, so the waterproof claim is reliable. Overall, for the price I'm very happy with the shoe and consider it a solid purchase
my fav shoes- I can wear them to dress up or to dress down... the review about how to adjust the slasp was very helpful to
I've been buying these sandals for 30 years.  I just love them
Awesome shoe!! Very comfortable on my feet. Even though it's high healed sneacker you really don't fee too much of height and none of it's negetive side affects. I can actually run in this. Only thing is that it looks little too casual and your feet can get really HOT wearing it. I would recommend wearing thin sox. I originaly brought Dark Brown in size 7 (normally wear 6 or 6 1/2 size shoe) but had to return it to get 6. way too big. It's  wider than I'm used to even though I have wide feet; offers plenty of toe room.  If they offer 6 1/2 size , it would have been perfect wearing my thick sox in winter. Unfortunetely there are no half sizes offered. I wanted to buy Black in 6 also, but 7 is too big and  smaller sizes tend to go fast and there are no more option for me now
Great little case we have two. I like the inside pocket for extra memory/battery.  
this case is really nice and compact. there is a nice place for a card or x-tra batteries inside. is snuggly fits the HP digital camera. protects well. and well padded. very nice case
This polo is absolutely fabulous! I love the length, it comes down to my hips. I bought it in the size I usually wear and it fits great! I wore it under a little khaki jacket with jeans and it looked fantastic. I can't wait to buy it in every color
I love this Laptop Tote. It's big enough & ready to take to the pool
I could not find these slippers in our local stores.  I had two pair that were worn out and wanted exactly the same item.  I ordered them, they arrived and I love them.  It was a very easy, customer friendly process
nice shirt.  very hard to find in stores so it's worth the wait and the cash
They are a great quality, comfortable boot. And the price was far less than local stores. The shipping at regular rate took over a week, though
I purchased two pairs of these boots for my teenage daughter who lives in this type of Ugg-like boots. We looked in stores and other online shoe sites for Uggs and other alternatives but being the end of the season, couldn't find her size.  We saw these on Amazon in her size and thought we'd try them out.  They were definitely worth it!  They are just as warm and comfortable as Uggs and since the price was so good, we were able to buy two pairs.  They are nicely made, comfortable, and attractive. She's wears them almost everyday so they are proving to be pretty durable. She is really choosy about her footwear and she absolutely loves these boots
I am enjoying the sneakers this Summer.  Comfy & perfect for elliptical trainer, stationery bike and weight room.  Very stylish, I love Skechers footwear
IF OTHER UNDERWARE BINDS YOU, YOU HAVE FINALLY FOUND ONE THAT DOESN'T. THE POUCH IS VERY LARGE, LOTS OF ROOM! I BOUGHT AN ADDITIONAL DOZEN AND THREW ALL MY OTHER BRANDS AWAY
Bought one, loved it, bought another one for my d-i-l, she loved it, bought one for my daughter, she loved it .....you're probably getting the picture now.  I bought the next size up for each of us, and it's wonderful with a shirt or light sweater underneath.  Oh, and did I mention the incredible price?? 
This workout is short but you will feel "worked out" when done.  Tina cues well and the workout flows very smoothly.  No awkward transitions.  The ball is used for both total body toning and 4 limb cardio.  Your core and abs get a great workout too with both traditional and functional moves.  I enjoyed the change of using the ball instead of dumbells.  Definitely "shocked" the muscles
As an advanced exerciser, I am always looking for a new, innovative challenge. The Firm Body Sculpting Ball workout provides just that. This workout comes with a sculpting ball, which is available in three weights (four, six or eight pounds). I used the eight pound variety, and by the time we got to the ab work, I was ready to put the ball away! My arms really got a workout, as did my core. There are several moves that require you to hold the ball out in front of you, over your head, and move it diagonally across your body. I could really feel it in my core after the workout.
Once we completed several segments of standing work, including grapevine, squats, and lunges, we go to the floor for bridge work and abs. You have to hold the ball between your thighs during the bridge work, which I found challenging since by that time I was sweating and the ball kept slipping away from me. You also hold the ball between your thighs to do ab crunches, which is difficult with such a heavy ball. Afterwards is a short cool down, which I thought could have been longer.
Tina leads, and she is very fit and quite personable. She cues well and gives a few form pointers along the way. As with all the new Firm releases, the background is sterile and boring. There are four background exercisers, with Allison showing beginner moves. Allie is holding the eight pound ball showing more advanced moves. The music is nice and non-intrusive.
Beginners will enjoy this workout. It isn't complicated and with a four pound ball you could get a really intense workout. Unless you're advanced and have some good upper body strength, I would not recommend the eight pound ball. You could injure yourself if you go to heavy. In fact, I was wishing I had another, lighter ball for the floor work.
I have all eight new workouts, and I've done three so far. Of those, I liked this one the best. I felt I got a good workout, but I wish it were longer. The entire workout from start to finish is about 32 minutes long. Another 15 minutes would have been great, although I suspect my arms would have been totally fried if we'd kept going much longer. 
Overall, I give this workout high marks. It's definitely a keeper
This is a VERY sexy pair of underwear. Guys: if you're new to the thong/g-string scene, this is a good place to start. I recommend g-strings because there's less coverage on the back which makes them more comfortable than thongs.
The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it's pretty expensive but go ahead and splurge on one fancy pair of underwear. Your girlfriend will love it. Mine did
This item was just what I was looking for.  I did not want a tie tack to ruin my husband's ties or a tie bar.  It is simple to use and does the job of keeping his tie from moving. 
Way beyond my expectations.  Exceptionally fine cotton, changes colors in the light, great fit, absolutely beautiful--great delivery.  Thanks so much
The product was delivered in a timely manner and is a good quality product
Great product, works well and was shipped promptly also there was an accurate product description....Thank
I am thrilled to finally purchase Birkenstock at a price that is fair. Our local retail stores,mark them up, so ridiculously. Thank you, Amazon
They are awesome, only tricky part is making sure you get the right size, my husband and I love them
I am a product junkie and I never would have believed I could fit all my stuff in this bag, but I did!  This bag is amazing and takes up so much less space than the assorted bags I had been using!  I am getting one of these for each of my sisters..
As the weather has cooled for fall and winter, I needed socks for my baby. I initially bought little cotton socks found in baby stores and department stores and they just didn't hold up as well. I have also tried socks with grips on the bottom, but they were so thick my son just sweated in them. The Children's Place socks are not too thick and very durable. Also, the non-slip  feature on the bottom of the socks have been tried out on hardwood floors and were the only thing that kept my baby from slipping all over the floor when he walked. The other socks did not! I strongly recommend these socks for your child
Before seeing it with my own eyes, I was a little skeptical of the huge buttons. After wearing it, I felt they were hardly noticable. I bought the brown version for $17.99 and I thought it was well worth it. This jacket is surprisingly wind resistant, ideal for cold weathers. The pockets on either side are so huge that you can practically store a couple of cell phones in there
I love this boot.  It's high, and the platform will make those unaccustomed a little teeter-y, but it's a great look.  The leather and detail on my pair is exceptional.  Green leather inside.  I really like these.  And I own 55 pairs of shoes/boots - know from whence I speak
it was easy to order and very affordable and they were here quickly...I want to get more...thank
it's comfortable and stays in place all day. it's wonderful not to keep adjusting straps all day. I am so glad I bought it, and it I got it delivered fast!
I love this case. I purchased many cases before, but this offers the best protection at a very low price.
Thanks. CoverCas
I got this jacket when it was $50.  I was very impressed at the quality and i like how it's waterproof so i can just walk in the rain with it.  Great jacket and i think i will be wearing it for a long time
The Lands End 60/40 Oxford is THE dress shirt to own!  It is the end of the line in your search for an excellent product!  I buy nothing but this shirt, and have multiple shirts in each color made.  I've worn a shirt and tie nearly every day since I was 16 years old in prep school (35 years now), and the Lands End is the best.  I highly recommend this shirt
I've owned this coin pouch for several months now and it has held up exceptionally well to repeated use, proving to be an excellent and extremely durable holder for loose coins and eliminating the need to dig in one's pocket for spare change
this is a nifty small appropiate change purse for men or anyone actuall
Great cap.. quality is top notch.. Price is also great.
i got and love it. however, someone else's product was shipped inside the box. it looked like the box came open and someone just grabbed whatever they thought came in the box. the product was not mine and the owners name and phone and address on it. I contacted them and sent it to them myself. it was suppliments for a very serioulsy ill small boy. I hope all that get things for others send it to them too! you never know whose life depends on it
I bought this item for my boyfriend for his tailgaiting experience this year since he has season tickets.  He LOVES everything about it - especially the fact that it is the Bears!  =
Better than just a beach tote, sturdy bag for any occasion, good price
I'm very happy with this tote bag. It's huge and sturdy. 
I've been using it to bring books and files to and from school for marking. Quite a number of my colleagues like it, too
I really love the way these shoes look.  I am really picky about shoes I buy.  I dont like to have my toe cracks showing when I wear shoes and I was afraid that these might do that.  They actually do show a little toe crack but only at the end where my little toe is.  I wore these shoes all night on new year's eve and had no problem.  I also wore them all day at work and then to the mall afterwards and did have a little discomfort but not as bad as you would expect with shoes this high.  I love these shoes so much a have 2 pair, black and red.
I love the shoes, they're quite comfortable even though the heel is a little higher than what I like. They're a beautiful color, something you don't always see, and quite eye-catching.  And they just so happened to go very well with a suit I purchased months ago.  
As a "Nine West" Fantatic, thank you Amazon for having them available!
I was shocked to see how high the heel was, and being in my 40s I wasn't sure if I wanted to find out how they felt.  But I had a company dinner party and wore them and was surprised at how "walkable" and comfortable they were.  I have worn them several times since then
have spent years looking for a bra that feels good, does what it's supposed to and didn't make you wish you could get home & slip out of something so uncomfortable... at last i think i'm at the end of my search.  very comfortable, great support and can go hours before i start thinking about jammies.  only thing that would make this bra better would be padded straps
I brought a couple pair of these to our little lingerie party, because I knew the girls would like them. I've been wearing them for over a year and I like them a lot. My husband does too. They look good, turn him on, turn me on too. You can't ask for more than that in a panty, now can you
My husband liked his slippers I got him for Christmas.  He said that they were warm and soft
This bag is great!  Very fashionable and protective of my laptop.  Great side pockets and convenient pocket for cell phones
I absolutely love this case! The cool thing about it is that it doesn't look like a regular laptop case (i.e. the bulky, usually black, boring, case). My best friend didn't even know it was a laptop case and fell in love with the bag itself! It makes a great gift for any soon-to-be college student
Been purchased many pairs Keds shoes, 
very stylest and comfortable.
Me and my mom love them
The webbing was abundant and easy to cut to my needed length. These belts can be made to fit anyone
This is a very nice leather bag.  It has two pockets in the front that the flap goes over.  The pockets do not close and I have found that you can lose things out of those pockets even with the flap closed.  That is the only problem I can see with this bag
Love the shirt!  This was a birthday present for my son.  We are so impressed with the quality that we will definitely use this Amazon site again
These are great socks.  In the description it mentions that they fit sock sizes 10-13.  I assume that is the same as shoe size, but it is not explained.  This, however, is an important point, since I wear a size 10 shoe.  I can wear the socks and I really like them but I wish they were a little smaller.  One size does not fit all.
Columbia sport sandals for kids are great! We've bought them three years in a row now for our kids.
They hold up well, are comfy, and the colors are great.  Easy for the little ones to get on and off make getting in and out a breeze.  
They're well constructed, but the dirt starts to show on the nylon parts after a while. They won't really wear out before your kids feet grow to the next size
I love these shoes! They are so comfy and cute and Keds is my favorite brand of shoes
This product is fine, however it was much too baggy.  I'm not that skinny and I felt like the excess leg space made me look ridiculous.  There is nothing wrong with the short, but I just wish I had bought a smaller size.  Definitely go with the smaller size if you buy this product. 
I have been trying to find low heeled sandals with a back strap and no thing between the toes so I was very excited to find these. I bought 4 pairs (silver, bronze, black, and turquoise). They are beautiful and comfortable (I walked around at Disneyland in the turquoise ones from 9am to midnight!) The sizing was very true and the standard shipping was very fast. I highly recommend both these sandals and Amazon.com
I purchased the scarlett version of this bag more than two years ago, and it's still in perfect condition!  The color doesn't fade when you wash it, and it's the most durable bag I've ever owned.  I will not, refuse to, absolutely cannot make me carry a purse, but I carry this bag everyday.  The very front zipper pocket is great for change, the small zipper holds my keys and cell and a host of other small items I always seemed to be losing before, and the large pocket is big enough to fit several medium sized paperbacks in.  It's perfect for everyday use, and will last forever. The "backpack straps" are comfortable and have never broken.  I was so excited when I found this on Amazon, and IN EVERY COLOR!  Before, the selection was red and black only, so this is fabulous!  Buy this bag, you will love it
Very quick delivery.  Price was very good compared to other online companies.  Will use again
This bra is very comfy and also quite sexy for a sports bra!  I am a b cup and am using it for low to moderate impact activities and have found it quite supportive and comfortable
I purchased these slippers in pink, and not only are they super cute, they are quite comfortable and very warm.  The sole of the slipper is slightly heavier than most, but it is nice if you need to step outside or in the garage for something when it's cold out. I would recommend them. :
These are stylish and nice and perfect to wear under a pair of cutoff Levi's. My cutoffs are so faded, so frayed, so, well you know. So when I peal them off to reveal this Butterfly Lace up Panty (in Black with the pick laces on the back) it's like an instant transformation from outdoor girl to bedroom girl. We only had two colors at our lingerie party, white and the black and pink models, but I can imagine all the colors would be nice too.
Amazon notes that these socks are "only made from the finest yarns." They mean it, too! These socks keep your feet warm with their wool fiber; and they are very well made and last forever. I especially like the way that they are reinforced at the heel and toe for lots and lots of wear. Oh sure, these socks may cost a bit more--but you get so much use out of them that these socks inevitably pay for themselves. 
The socks also fit any shoe size between 7 and 12; therefore it is almost one size fits all. A big plus! I also like that the toe area is literally made from gold colored fibers. Great!
I would not dry these socks at high temperatures. This could result in the sock becoming too loose on your foot. Eventually they will "bunch up" when you wear them and that's very uncomfortable. Dry these fine socks at a lower temperature.
Overall, you can't go wrong buying these socks. They keep your feet extra warm during colder weather. They are manufactured so well that you definitely get your money's worth. A good deal!
SMILE
They looks nice, and fit really well, however, not so soft like some other Clarks/Indigo. 
Fits, Great quality,great sale price- If your lucky you don't get what you pay for
I ordered these robes (in white and ivory) as Christmas gifts for my mother and father-in-law.  They arrived quickly and beautifully packaged.  
Last week, I was told that they loved their thick and luxurious robes - they feel as if they are at a spa.  I was concerned about the one size fits all sizing, but I was told that she loved the extra coverage (she's probably a size 14-16) and this is one of the few robes that goes around his expanding waistline (I buy him XL sweaters).  
I will order one for myself as soon as I am in the market for a robe. 
The robe is very warm and heavy, perfect for cold mornings and the "just out of the shower chills" that you get. It doesnt quite have the "luxurious" feel of a spa robe, and the thread loops are matted in certain areas, but quality wise it is better than anything else I've seen for similar prices. The length is much shorter than pictured. I bought this for my boyfriend, who is 6 ft, 190 lbs, average build, and it comes just above his knee! All in all, it's a decent robe for the price and he likes it.
El producto lo recibi en perfectas condiciones, excelente comprarle a ustedes.-
saludos
Maryury
The sneakers are great.  My son loves the wheels on the side
this has to be the best beanie that i have ever purchased...i wear it all the time, it fits perfectly and looks awesome!
I have ordered this tux for my 18 months old son for my sister's wedding. It looked amazing!!!
The suit arrived timely and I couldn't believe how perfect they have prepared the whole package. All the details were well thought and the tux looked perfect with satin buttons, matching waist band and stripes on the side of the pants. Even the shirt is so well tailored. 
My son was very comfortable in the suit during the whole night and accepted more applouds than the groom!
I sincerely recommend this product
 My husband bought me these for Christmas and I have had more compliments on these!! The flare styling and laces set them off 
Great product--just what I was looking for.  Service was excellent and shipping was prompt.  Thank you, thank you, thank you
I love the feel and multiple spaces available the only problem/fear is that I have had things fall out of it when snapped and string tight.  I would give it a 5 star if there was a zipper option to keep items secured
My wife had one just like this for 15 years and it was time for a new one. This back is almost identical and better quality. Shipping was very fast and it came exactly as I expected
I actually purchased the Silicone skin case and detachable belt clip as a gift for my boyfiend. He loves and it was much cheaper than the one Creative offers on their website.
I LOVE these shoes!!!!!they are so comfortable and you can buy them for a great price.i have them in gold and im really happy with my purchase
Agree 100%, very comfy. Besides making the ideal for everyday use, the fabric is so soft that is very hot to the touch. The look is very sexy. So they are good in both sides: comfy and sexy
For the price it's a nice dress.  Check your size carefully.  I'm normally a 29 waist in jeans, usually size 6, sometimes an 8.  I ordered a Large and it fits with only a little room, but a Medium would have been too small.  Slim through waist and flares out to the sides more than I expected it to.      
Birkenstock clogs are the comfiest shoes. During a recent trip to Washington DC, I was the only person in my group whose feet didn't hurt after several hours of walking. I have had several pairs over the years. They last forever and go with tons of different outfits
I'm a pretty sexy girl and these so called panties are just about too sexy for me. Ooooweee do I feel hot when I have 'em on. Levi's, shorts, dress or trucker's overhauls, it makes no difference. The whole rest of the world might not know what you have on under there, but you'll know and that's enough to add a certain blush to your face, let me tell you. They made me feel ready for bed all day long
Great purchase -- good price, easy.  what more could you want
These are my new favorite boots!  The detailing on them is gorgeous and although they are quite high heels, they have a bit of a platform so I do not feel wobbly at all on them.  I'm really happy with my purchase
I like this dress. I am medium sized and bought size Medium and the dress fits just like on the model shown, with even a little extra. I think even if I would of get size Small it would still fit well with more "trim fit" look. It is basically like a super long tank with body contour. Nice to wear around house when you just want to quickly through something on, but also want to look good in it. (It is way more flattering than wearing boyfriend's long tea-shirt, if you understand what I am saying). It is soft, comfortable, cozy, beautiful color. I am very pleased with this product.
Was delivered quickly, was priced right, and folded up into a small size so I could stuff it into a suitcase before going on vacation.  When unfolded it held more than the suitcase.  High quality material and excellent workmanship.  I think I'll buy another one for a spare
this is a great wallet! it fits into small purses. the purpose of this is just to hold a few cards, your id and a small zipper section for some money. it's not meant to be a complete, big wallet. i love it because it fits into my small purses and so easy to carry around. i don't have to shove and push my bigger wallets into my purse and not have room for anything else anymore. love it!
All my Gold Toe socks are excellent, but these offer extra room and are extremely comfortable, especially after the first washing. I am about to buy another pair! The Trellis style is the other wonderful Gold Toe sock for comfort
Absolute gems.  Simple, versatile shoes that are fun, comfortable, and have great casual style.  I have them in red, wear them to work, when traveling, and the one time I got stuck in a surprise Seattle snowstorm, they even had traction.  Nearly an all-purpose shoe.
My wife shopped around at Amazon looking for her grandmother's 88th b-day (coming up soon) and came across handmade hadong silk scarf.  Every silk scarf she came across she would say, "What a beautiful and gorgeous hadong silk scarfs they are."  Before she found Vietmade Silk Scarfs at Amazon, she had looked online stores at Macy's, Nordstorm, JcPennies, but couldn't really compare with the ones Vietmade made.  I agree with my wife when she said, "This place uses good quality silk materials and has a great prices!!"  When we got the scarf today 4/10/07 (ordered 4/4/07) and opened it to see what the silk scarf looked like in person .. my wife wished that she had ordered one for herself, one for my mother and one more for our sister in-law.  My wife and I definately recommend this place and we'll buy a few more hadong silk scarfs in near future.  Also, delivery was on schedule, good packaging and love the scarfs!
I was looking for a wrap to go with a black backless dress. This scarf was perfect. It added just enough color with a little sparkle and was plenty large to use as a wrap. Very pretty
Great jacket, excellent feel. only qualms are the quality of the zipper and the big bright label on the inside of the jacket. 5 stars for the leather itself, soft and very comfortable. change the zipper so that it doesnt jam on the way up 99% of the time, and make the label much more subtle and this would be an awesome jacket!
also sad but not surprised to see this is made in chin
I'm shocked I forgot to write a review about these jeans. I love these jeans. They are by far my favorite jeans. The fit is perfect and allows for room to breathe. I love wearing these jeans with my boots on a daily basis. I can't say enough about them. I tell everyone about them. Even for a petite woman the fit is far better than anything I could find in a local store. I am completely satisfied. They also have a very modern look to them
I buy these wherever I can find them.  It's a bit of a tribute to my aunt, for her middle name, but wish I could find them more frequently. 
This product is exactly as described and was purchased as an additional means of identifying luggage at the airport baggage claim (so many types of luggage are similar in style and color, we've had trouble in the past).  Several of our family members were given new luggage for Christmas and these tags were included. These tags are big, bright lime green and can be easily seen. No more headaches in trying to find our luggage. 
The product arrived in a reasonable time frame and was what I had ordered.  I really like it
I love these shoes! The service was great, the price great! These are really good shoes. I have a hard time finding wide shoes where I live. These were perfect! Very comfortable, very good quality. This is where I will be buying my shoes
on time delivery - would have been nice to have a gift wrap optio
I found it very comfortable with good fitting. I bought 4 pairs in last 3 and half years and this one was the best. I gave it 5 stars based on comparing with other brands that I bought. Overall quality is good.
Recently, I took a motorcycle trip from Atlanta, GA to Ft. Lauderdale, FL. Unfortunately, I didn't have the option of riding at night when it was cooler and with my thermometer on the bike showing between 100 and 110, it felt like riding through an oven with a hair dryer set on high blowing in my face. I also didn't have the luxury of air conditioning so to simulate this so I would pour water on my t-shirt and let the wind cool it down. 
After getting home, I recalled seeing a demonstration of a cooling vest that you soaked in water for a couple of minutes then wore under a jacket, preferrably mesh. I was amazed at how well it worked in the demo so I went online and ordered one.
The particular model I ordered from Amazon is the Deluxe Evaporative Cooling Vest in black. It came about a week after I ordered it via USPS Priority Mail. They offer several styles and colors, including some that have removable sleeves
The outer shell is quilted black nylon with 2 outside, zippered pockets and a zipper up the front. The neck has a velcro closure so it can fit snuggly around your neck if you want. The inner liner is blue and is 100% Nylon Taslan, a water repellant fabric, so it keeps you from getting all wet wearing it. Out of the package, it weighs just a few ounces but when you put it in water, the special material, called Polymer Embedded Fabric (PEF), between the inner and outer shells absorbs water and the vest ends up weighing about 2-3 lbs. You only need to soak it for about a minute. There are spandex panels on either side that allow for some for expansion. I got the Large size and it fits great, not too tight, not too loose. 
Once the water is absorbed, the instructions (on the tag in the vest) say you can wring it out or use a towel to blot the inner liner dry. Not being like a sponge, wringing it doesn't do a lot of good so I'd suggest blotting if you need to. While the inner liner is water repellant, there might be some water on it right after you soak it so putting it on might get you a little wet but if you don't soak it too long, the inner liner will be relatively dry. The material that holds the water doesn't expand like a sponge, it just holds lots of water...it's pretty interesting stuff.
The first thing you'll notice after a few seconds is that it's cool to the touch. The principle of it relies on the cooling properties of water as it evaporates and it really works. I haven't had a chance to ride with it in sweltering heat yet, but putting it on under my mesh jacket and riding without a windshield kept me nice and cool. I don't think I'd like to try it in anything less than about 65 deg (F) because I'd probably freeze nor would I want to use it under a leather jacket unless there was some way for the jacket to let wind flow through it. The inner liner stays pretty dry but you might get a little damp. The cooling effect will last several hours depending on how long you soak it and if you want to put things in the front pockets, they are lined with the same material as the inner liner so they'll stay relatively dry. One thing I've found though, it'll take several days to completely dry out unless you ride with it. The water is very slow to evaporate but once it does, the weight goes back down to a few ounces.
Bottom line, I HIGHLY recommend getting one of these if you routinely ride in hot weather. They're an inexpensive way to keep cool and they're stylish (except for the hi-vis lime green). Wear it under a mesh jacket and you won't know it's hot outside.
These shoes are so comfortable and cute! I've gotten a lot of compliments on them, and I like their old-school Pony look
I mailed this for a shower gift so I didn't see the item but was told it was very cute
This brown leather wallet does not have a highly glossy finish as shown in the image; leather is well-stitched but thin. Old-fashioned style with no credit card slots. Snaps and zipper handle add bulk to profile; not a front pocket wallet for sure. Purchased two as gifts for nephews, will probably get one for myself. 
These shirts are hard to find during certain seasons.  I was very happy to find that Amazon had them.  The quality of these shirts have lasted a long time.  The fit is perfect and comfortable
I am very happy with the above purchase.I am very impressed with the arrival and condition of the item. I like it because it fits well and when you wear it, you feel quite cool. Will shop agai
These were purchased for a wedding.  The quality is very good.  We would like to see solid black offered and argyle in black,pink, grey, and white.
Thank you,
Joy Ree
These shoes are beautiful and comfortable.  I wore them at a New Year's Eve wedding... danced all night with NO sore feet!  This is my third pair of Carlos shoes, LOVE THEM
I initially bought these shoes for my mom for a Christmas gift, but she said they were too high for her. Well i fixed that, I kept them for myself.  :)
I love them and they are really hot! 
Thnx
Ja
My  only reason for not giving it a 5 star is because there i no elasticated bottom cuff
Otherwise Great Gym Pant
I was a little nervous about ordering clothing from the internet.  Not knowing if it would fit.  I think that the sizing chart used for this particular product works well because the produt turned out to fit just right.  Also, the picture is on key with the actual product.  My loved it and so do I
This is a good quality pajama set and was worth the price I paid with an Amazon discount.  Be forewarned that the color is a really bright red though
What a great pair of pajamas these are.  So soft, non-binding, roomy, and great for lounging.  I've already decided to get another pair in a different color after the holidays.  Very good quality silk, well sewn and tailored.  I'm normally an XL tall but the regular XL fit fine
I love these shoes and so does everyone who sees me in them.  I am the envy of the girls at work
I actually purchased a 9.5 and felt they were a little too big and then ordered a size 9.  The 9 didn't fit well the arch was too short, so I sent them back and kept the 9.5.  They are very nice, I've been looking for a nice pair of boots for 5 years.  I get a lot of compliments, from people of all ages (20-65).  Not too young looking, not too old looking.  They are the perfect boot.  One little negative....I needed to put in a pad for the front part of my foot - not a lot of cushion.  After that I can wear them all day long.  I should have ordered them in brown!!
These sweaters are excellent quality cashmere and I just bought another one in a different color.  They feel like a million dollars and come from an esteemed Napoletana designer, Ermenegildo Zegna.
But, as a general rule when buying Italian clothing, *always* buy them bigger than you would expect.  I normally wear a size large shirt in the US, never XL.  I am 5'7" and 185 lbs.  I bought a size 54 (x-large) and it is comfortably roomy, and not too "huggy" on the fat.   I think some of the similar sweaters from Zegna are more "delicate" (read: see-through).  This one is a little thicker, but still thin for a sweater.  I *really* like wearing it with a t-shirt underneath, feeling the soft cashmere on your arms.  
We are very happy with the gazebo and will be excited to use this next football season.  
Unfortunately, the cover came with some stitching missing and we have not been able to receive any response from Amazon after sending 4 emails.  We do not want to send the entire order back for another because the cost of shipping would be more than the cost to have someone repair the stitching.  We have only asked that our repair cost be covered by the company, but we can not get anyone to respond.  We will never order anything through Amazon again
The gazebo is very sturdy and works great in the sun and rain.  Adding the team cover is a great way to show your team pride during tailgate parties!  It takes a bit of practice to set up the unit but I believe that all gazebos have the same problem.
Love it...Love it...Love it!!! Every football fan should have one. It is perfect for tailgating. This is the only site I could find it. Great price and the free shipping is a great deal. It also shipped really fast, faster then it had originally said.
I purchased these shoes as a Christmas gift for my husband.  He's been wearing it a lot.  He says it's comfortable, and he has not experienced the squeeking from the shoes as some other reviews had pointed out.  I was hoping it has more of a dressier look.  It really looks better with jeans and not as good with kahki's
The robe was made of a very high quality fabric and held up very well! The color and tecture of the silk was truly beautiful.
Good material and does the job that it promises!! All other brands claim to do the same thing but "not all glitters are gold" :
great shirt for working out in. Clears away all the sweat and is loose fitting
I have worn nothing but levi's for over 20 years now, and I have been through almost every style of them.  These are still the same great jeans, reliable fit and quality that you know.  Currently I have three of these in my closet nest to standard 505's, and they are virtually identical, but the signiture series cost a lot less. Same thick denim material, unlike a lot of fancy boutique jeans, that last a long time, and can stand up to most activities that an active person does.  Check these out, you won't be dissapointed, and neither will your wallet
I got this hat because it reminded me of what Jack Nicholson wore in One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. I'm happy to say it also keeps my head quite warm. Cashmere is very soft and it breathes well (my head never feels too hot)
I've tried 6 different nursing bras. This one, with the center snap closure, is the easiest to use. It is also the lightest and most comfortable, while providing good support. My only complaint is that after about 50 washes the underwire begins to poke free from the fabric. Even when I try to sew it back into place, it breaks loose after a few washes. Perhaps if I handwashed the bra instead of using a machine, it would last longer. This bra is less durabe than my other nursing bras (particularly the Leading Lady bra, which seems to be indestructible), but it is well worth the sacrifice for comfort, lightness, and ease of use. It is by far my favorite
A great shoe! I was very impressed with the softeness of the leather, immediate comfort and versatility of this shoe. This is definitely a well made, year 'round slide. If you are looking for a classic loafer; this is your shoe.
the shawl was beauiful and just the right color. an excellent value too.very good product fast shippin
I love these pajamas. The color, the softness (get softer the more you wash),and the fit. I had purchased these for an older friend and found I wasn't able to part with them so I made it up to her in other ways. Never done that before...shows how much I like 'em.  
Arrived fast and in time for V-day! Thanks for your high quality product and its fast arrival
I love these pants!!!! i'm a first time Boarder and I wasn't cold at all!!! Deffinately a Great BUY
i tried these on and i'll never wear boxers again!
They are very confortable and i sleep in them everynight.
they are tight, but not too tight. I wear these to school
as well! I love them
It's a very nice polo, very soft and nice to a casual date
I bought Brown Burnished color of this variety. After I got them, I tried them on and these are, simply, fantastic. I liked the way they fit onto my feet. My feet are wide and hence I had ordered a wider version of these. They give you a very comfortable and stable feel when you have them on and walk around. The sole looks very sturdy and durable. Does not skid over wet surfaces
The robe arrive in great condition and in a timely manner. My boyfriend absolutely loved his Christmas gift! Thanks again! :-
It's thin, so you can wear something over it.  And it helps keep the chill out.
I wear it cycling and golfing
Since these jeans were ordered as a gift for someonelse, I cannot give my own opinion of the jeans, other than to say I received the jeans in a timely manner and that the size and color was exactly what I had ordered
The wallet was a gift for my daughter's boyfriend.  He loved the wallet, the leather, the design, style, and sleek look of the Fossil wallet. It was a great purchase and a good value
this is a form fitting, but not to snug nightshirt. gives freedom of movement, yet also allows some comfort with a nice breathable material. deffinitly will order more of thes
I hate long socks and smelly shoes so I've become a big fan of shoe liners.  I recently ordered a set of these and am very happy with them.  They are each individually priced at $5.99.  So for 6 pairs you'd pay $36 retail.  So this is a good deal at $4/pair.
More importantly, they are heavy-weight cotton with no underside seam.  They have elastic all around the opening and actually stay on your feet.  They are cut generously -- My feet are about size 8 and they are a little big, but manageable.  If you have smaller feet I'd try to get a different size than M/L.  They do ride a bit higher on the foot than some of the others -- they are fine with loafers, but a lower cut shoe could be problematic.
I've tried a lot of these socks:  Calvin Klein, Ralph Lauren, Donna Karan, Peds, Leggs, et al.  These are by far the best. 
I bought as a gift for my sister in law and she absolutely loved them. These are some great looking shoes.
This is a great idea that is not apriciated until you go on a long trip and end up with dirty wrinkled clothes that are all thrown into a bag. This keeps clothes seperated and organized and easy to repack if you are moving from place to place
Great grip, cool rugged look, comfortable enough for regular winter use as well. Was about $80 when I got it though. Might not be the best option around for $130
My online shoe shopping tip: Buy a half size bigger than your normal size.
If it's a little too big, you can always add inserts to achieve a better
fit.  I also search the web for additional consumer reviews.
PROS:
This pointy toed boot looks really sexy - A great bargain for 30 bucks!
It's an easy to put on short boot. 
(It goes up to the bottom of my calf - I'm 5'5)
The leather is shiney and has a seamless look.  
Stains will wipe right off.
I'd recommend these with a nice pair of jeans or even for young
professionals to wear with their slacks.
Relatively comfortable.  I personally wouldn't wear them all day long.
CONS:
Leather IS stiff.  Doesn't really bend with the leg when walking.
I think that is what the previous negative review was referring to.  
The inside of the shoe has a nicer softer leather.
The zipper is not the best quality.
Hope this helps you make a better shopping decision!
* Or, you can always buy, try on and return.  
If you choose the free shipping method and you want to return the item,
you just have to go to the Returns section of the website and
generate a return label.  Once Amazon receives it and processes it,
they will give you your refund MINUS the shipping cost you saved
when selecting "Free Shipping".  
(It is usually less than 5 bucks and you can see the amount in "Your Account)
enjoy
Great company to order from... good product and got to me faster than any other order
I had a heck of a time trying to find a bra that would not slip off my shoulders, and would support my breast. This one did both.  This bra supports me better than my sports bra and it gives a beautiful shape to the bustline.  I was looking for a well rounded shape not conical or ski sloped. The key is to get a propper fit.  I went from a 38C to a 34DD not that my sized changed just getting a well fitted bra.  If you can pull the band more than an inch from your body, you are wearing the wrong bra size.  It is supposed to be snug to hold everything in place.  It takes a little getting used to wearing something that tight, but I don't bounce, jiggle or pull up falling bra straps anymore.  I bought two in September 05 and went back and purchased 3 more in October 05, and when these wear out I will purchase the exact same thing.  I hand wash (or machine wash on delicate) after each wearing with a lingerie soap, and line dry.  They still look band new.  I was a little concerned with that itty-bitty plastic front closure bursting, with the band being so snug, but they are still holding "it all" together. I was also concerned about the sheer fabric lasting but I haven't had any tears, rips, runs or poked through any of them yet
I love my Cayman Crocs. My sister swore by these shoes, but I wasn't convinced because they are a little different looking. I liked the bright colors I saw some people wearing at the beach this summer, but I'm practical and they can only go with so many things. 
I ended up purchasing a navy pair because they go with just about anything. I'm not at all disappointed. They really don't look bad paired with casual outfits. 
I wish they could make the soles of all shoes out of this stuff though because it's amazing. It's not so much that you slip them on and say "wow this feels great" ... for me it was more so that after activities (marathon shopping trips for example) my feet weren't sore or tired when my regular shoes would have had them ready to quit. I think they are great ... even with the "different" look ... though I do wish they'd come up with a more stylish pair at some point
Spectacular item.  Wears well on a fine woman.  My wife is short, and this item fit fine, especially since most one-size-fits-all lingerie is built too tall
Thank you for this Great Gift for a baby shower States away that you made helpful and she loves i
These go on real easy, and come off real easy.  They feel like a regular cotton sock except that they wick sweat away.  I'm ordering more
I searched the Internet for a particular type of sock that my son likes, but discovered they were no longer manufactured.  So I went to Amazon to see what they offered and decided to try the Gold Toe.  The price was excellent and my son likes them very much.  (He's very finicky about some things and it was a real "if" to try something new)... I'm so happy that Amazon offered them and at a price that meant it would not be a huge loss if they didn't work out.  My son has looked at the price of this sock at some of the department stores nearby & discovered that the Amazon price is very good; so now we know where to go when he needs some more.  Thank you, Amazon
The shorts were everything I wanted. The service was 5 star and my husband wears these short all the time. I bought him all the colours available
My child slept with these shoes on the first night he got it.  I allowed it because he has not worn it outside.  Of course, he wore it the following day to school, rode his bike with it and just took it off at the end of the day.  
Very comfortable and cute shoes.  I might get a pair for myself
I own 2 pairs ...They are classy and go with everything,but the only minus point is that they are a bit heavy...but you eventually get the hang of it
These shoes exceeded my expectations, in that they are very lightweight.  The soles are made of some kind of stiff foam instead of solid rubber.  Time will tell how it wears compared to rubber, but the shoes are noticeably lighter than the last pair I owned.   They look good, they are very comfortable--very little, if any, break-in time.  If you like the look, it's a safe buy--you won't be disappointed with the build and feel
So far I have been very satisfied with this bag. For the price I really can't complain. It has enough different sections, places for pens, a divider, pouches in front and other nice touches that makes it a pleasure to use. 
I'm curious about the durability; how the leather will hold up and if the zippers will last. 
I use it to hold 2 1" notebooks, a textbook, a portfolio, a book, a calculator and my pda. This is about maximum capacity. I should note that the notebooks and portfolio just do fit inside the sections.
The handle ontop is cozy, the over the shoulder strap should be wider. 
Overall, I am happy with the purchase, and hope that it lasts
My son used these socks as part of his football uniform.  He said they were comfortable and I was happy that they withstood the abuse week after week.  The didn't run or snag like some other lighter weight socks
This shirt is very cute, but you may want to order it in a larger size than what your child normally would wear. My child normally wears a 24 month. I ordered the size 2, and it's much tighter and shorter than her other tops
shirts are what I had expected and the service was grea
I am very pleased with these shoes. They are very comfortable and look great as well. 
It's only been the last 7 years or so that I've enjoyed wearing a robe around the house, I admit I used to be walking around in my underwear when I woke up in the morning!  All of my previous robes were typically off the clearance racks, and mostly some kind of inexpensive terrycloth.
I bought this becuase my last robe is falling apart.  I have to say that although I hesitated to spend 100 bucks on a robe, when it got here and I wore it for a couple days, I really like it.
I bought the Large Black robe; I'm 6ft, about 200lbs, a little heavy around the middle, and the robe fits pretty well.  The arms are baggy and the sleeves are long enough to touch the back of my hand just after the wrist.  The length extends to just about the bottom of my calf muscle in my legs.  It "flows" nice too, when I walk, not like the heavier terrycloth robe.  And the silk lining makes me feel "rich"!
Overall, I like it
The wand is sturdy, full-sized and nicely designed, even if made of plastic.  The kids wanted their wands so they could play "Harry Potter", so this was much more appropriate than the beautiful but more fragile and very expensive collectors versions available
This is cute, funny, and it's not uncomforable! I think it rocks! I love this movie...I even call my pet rabbit the rabbit with those big pointy teeth
The overall quality of the garment is excellent.  The fabric is of very good quality, as is the stitching.  The sizing is also accurate.  However, the tank top I received was NOT the one I had ordered, but a substitute!  Thus, four stars, not 5.  In the future I will specify that a substitution will not be acceptable
These SOX are the BEST my husband has ever used. He has asked for me to buy more and he has thrown all his other over the calf sox into the trash. He has been in construction for almost 30 yrs and has never been happy w/any sox I have found for him until now. These make him VERY HAPPY!! Thank You
My husband really likes these socks because they do not slide down his legs below the tops of his work boots.  I also like the fact you can buy them in black and Amazon had a fantastic price on them.  I don't know the wearability of the socks since I just got them for my husband for Christmas.  I bought these same socks in white locally some time ago and they seem to be wearing okay - no holes in the toes, yet!  Overall, I think the socks are great. 
These socks are really comfortable and they really stay up! All other brands of over-the-calf socks that I have tried won't stay over-the calf. Within a few hours, other socks are sitting on my shins. I have worn pairs of the Gold Toe Over the Calf Athletic Sock for up to 24 hours and the most they slid down my leg was about an inch. Great socks
This is absolutely the most comfortable and flattering bra I have even owned.  Have thrown out all my regular bras and only wear this one now.  The fit is unbelievable
This sandle is very comfortable and attractive.  I would recommend it to anyone looking for this type of sandle
Birkenstocks are a great thing for my diabetic feet.  I found this particular model to be a bit narrow to my liking
This little scale can pay for itself many times over, and grants peace of mind as you approach check in.  I purchased two, one for my Australian friend who always overpacks and has to pay at the gate for overweight luggage.  It is more accurate than bathroom scales.  If you are by yourself, hold it in front of a mirror. 
Was shopping at the mall.  This item caught my husband's eye in the window.  We went into the store to inquire more of what it was and it's uses.  We actually bought one for ourselves.  It came in handy when we went on a trip to the mainland (going and returning home).  Especially since the airlines are quite strict with the luggage weight.  I was quite worried our bags would be in excess weight with all the shopping we did but it wasn't.
We foud that to use the scale is compact enough for it to be placed in one of the luggages.  It's a two-man operation.  My husband would lift the luggage/bag, then I would look at the scale quickly
I tried this shoe at Shoe Carnival today. It was on sale for $49.99. Needless to say, I bought it right away at Amazon since it was $39.99! It fit me really well, I walked around the store and the strap stayed fastened, it was comfortable all around. I really like the mesh material at the toe area. I'm hoping this would mean that my toes will be well ventilated during warmer summer months! This is a very comfortable trendy shoe that is a good option for those wanting to look hip while wearing something comfortable to include more walking steps in their work day. It's also a great shoe for those not wanting to expose their toes wearing sandals but want them to breathe.
The item was what I expected however, It took them weeks to have the item shipped. I sent over emails to follow up and they never responded. Bad customer service.
We needed some plastic coated bibs once we started solids and started with those super stiff plastic ones from Babies R Us.  The stiff bibs were great for keeping her clothes dry when she would keep her bib off of her high chair.  We've got a Svan high chair (the best!) that has a pretty small opening for the kid's torso, so a stiff bib that you are constantly stuffing in there is such a pain.  Also, when cleaning, if you got the back (fabric) side of the bib wet, the bib would be cold and wet for hours.  The bumkins bibs can be washed thorougly with soap and water in the sink and then hung up.  They will be totally dry by the next meal!  They are so soft that our daugher doesn't mind wearing them.  They do not get in the way and stay nicely tucked (assuming our daughter doesn't pull the bib up to look for "bib goodies" in the pocket).  We bought 2 sets and could easily use more.  They can also be washed in the washing machine (no dryer but they air dry super fast)
See my review for the Desert Digital.  I own both the woodland and the desert BDU's
Bra was more padded than I thought when ordering.  Descriptions of products are not adequate.
thanks, though...love shopping on Amazo
This bra fits, is comfortable, and invisible under T-shirts. I hope they keep making it forever
This bra is great for those of us with smaller busts.  It's the only bra I'll wear under my t-shirts now because it doesn't show the outline through the shirt like every other padded bra I've found.  It VERY comfortable.  The only downside is that mine did lose it's form (it's not as tight fitting as it used to be) a little bit faster than some other bras.  But, it's absolutely worth buying a replacement.  I just hope they never stop making this bra
This is a nice case if you are looking for something compact.  I have a Kodak Easy Share digital camera and it fits perfect inside.  The case has a nice size front pouch and 2 side pouches for easy storage
I purchased 2 other bags before finding this one.  It is awesome.  The Canon S2 IS is a hard camera to find a case for that isn't way too tight or super big.  I wanted a bag for my camera and the original accessories that came with it.  This bag fits it all perfectly!!  It isn't too small or too big.  The camera fits perfectly without squishing it in the main compartment and has a little bit of room left for the usb cord or whatever else you want to put in there.  I wouldn't recomend this bag if you are looking for a bag to hold additional lenses is, it isn't big enough for that
My son loves the backback and the spacious room for he has for all the engineering books he needs for class
This is the best style and fit of underwear that I have ever owned. I have been buying this style for almost 7 years now. It gives me the support and freedom that I need in physical activity and the comfort I desire in everyday wear. Plus, it provides you with a nice lift and profile. 
Note, beware ordering through Freshpair. My order took 1 month from them
I love it. It is just what I wanted. Great deal and smooth transaction. Thanks
I was looking for a durable checkbook cover that would last for years, yet wasn't going to take years to pay for!  (HA! HA!)  This is a nice checkbook cover for the money.  My only complaint is that it needs to have a "tab" to keep your check register open to the page you are working on.  However, it does have a "loop" to keep a pen inside, you should desire to do so.  All in all, a good buy
Bought this boot for varying terrain and temperature conditions.  It is stable, comfortable, provides good traction, and is warm without being sweaty. I would strongly recommend this boot.
speedy delivery  product  as  stated   would buy from them agai
Best sock in performance that I have ever tried.  I buy them in bulk and have never been dissappointed.  No sagging, no defects.  The only reason I toss them is that they fade to gray after a long life of use.
One of the few products that once you try them you never have to worry about this item in your wardrobe again.  If they ever stopped making them, I would buy a 100 pairs just to know I would have them for my liftime.  
There...I actually wrote a review on socks!
I bought this product online about a week ago and it is exactly as described.
And to the reviewer who backpacks: If your that hardcore of a backpacker, you might want to consider spending more than $6 on a fanny pack. Seriously, lighten up and review the product, not tell your life story
This shoe transcended all my expectations...the style, color, and fit were all everything I hoped for and more!!!  All this plus a modest price!!
This shirt is a dressier than the usual shirt jacket or big shirt.  It is unlined, has a bit of stretch for comfort, and is just slightly fitted to prevent that big blob shapelessness of some other courduroy shirts. I think it runs true to size and matches the color on-screen. I bought this as a gift for a friend who likes the comfort of big shirts in the winter, and maybe she can have that comfort even at work with this shirt. It was almost thirteen dollars then, but I have seen it for less than ten which would be a really good deal
I have owned a pair of these boots for three years now and they are still going strong. I work in construction and find these to comfortable boots whether I am on site, at home, out on the town, etc. These are really incredibly made considering their 40 dollar price tag
These are just what I was looking for in a knee sock.. Perfect weight and never slip but aren't too tight at the top either
My daughter's school requires that they where white knee highs with their uniform.  I had an awful time searching the net to find any until I came across these.  They are very soft and comfortable.  My daughter only wants these types of socks from now on.  But from a Mom's point of view they are hard to keep white.  Even with soaking in bleach I can't get out any of the foot wear and tear discoloring.  Other than that, they're great
These socks are wonderful.  Just the right weight, very comfortable and warm.
Don't fade after washing, etc. etc.   I purchased 6 pair two months ago and have purchased 6 more
I purchased these socks from a large department store in Chicago and fell in love with them and wanted to get rid of every other pair of trouser socks I had. It took me months of online searching through all major department stores to find them and then as a last resort I went to Amazon and found them in a second. I have already bought 8 pairs and will probably order another dozen and get rid of all the poorly made and uncomfortable socks I have in my drawer. I am hooked on Hue Plus size and it is so easy through Amazon.
The belt is high qualilty and was a good value for the price.  Very satisfied
I where these shoes all the time. They are really comfortable to run in
I like the look of the shoes and the shiny parts are easy to clean, although the cloth parts are difficult to keep clean. I have a high arch and they seem to support well so I would say over all they were a good choice
Shoe pretty true to size, good shoe for the money.  I buy Nike Shox often and decided to try these for the price.  Not as cushy as a Nike Shox but also half the cost or less! For the price it is a comfy shoe and I would recommend it if you have wider feet and or don't want to send $90.00 and up for Shox
I was concerned that these silk PJ's would be really thin and on the cheap side. But to my surprise, they are much thicker then I thought they would be and feel like they will hold up rather well.  
My husband did NOT expect these and is quite pleased with them.  I am back tonight to order another pair in a different color now that I know they are worth the money I paid for them. Plus the fit was perfect.  I noticed others here said their large was to big so get a smaller size...and another person said the opposite.  (That confused me when I went to buy.) So I just went with my husbands normal size which is a XXL and it was absolutely perfect!  :)  My husband loves the feel of them and said this is by far is nicest pair of PJ's ever.  
The size is perfect, color bright & looks like it will hold up after many washings. Seams looked like quality sewing unlike some I have bought in the past.  I can't find anything I don't like about these.  
I need to get another pair here FAST before he wears these out. lol  Anyone thinking of buying these I can't help but think you will be quite pleased to say the least. 
Ja
I've had foot problems this past year. Shoes that I had worn comfortably for years, including other Rockports, Ecco, New Balance, Avia, Reebock, Asics, etc..., were suddenly uncomfortable and painful to wear all day long.
These Rockports are great. I'm finally NOT in a hurry to get home and get into my slides. I was to the point that I'd pay $300 or better for a comfortable pair of shoes. This shoe is well worth the money
I highly recomend Fruit of the Loom mens briefs. Not only I did grow up wearing their brand, but my father and his father before him all wore these briefs. If somethings not broke why fix it
Backpack is light when empty, yet strong to curry the load of books to school. Side pocket for bottle very handy. Top pocket for CD player or small easy to reach items such as keys, very helpful and practical. I like the base of the backpack being dark color so  it doesn't look dirty from use
I love these bras so much! They are so comfortable, any other bra I wear now feels weird. The only thing i noticed was the lacy edging started bubbling after about two months of washing and drying, otherwise their my very favorite bras
I was very pleasantly surprised by the quality of the items I ordered -- as well as receiving a 10% discount coupon for my next order. Thanks
This tee-shirt is my first Under Armour purchase, and I took a chance by ordering it without ever trying on any Under Armour before.  I'm not dissatisfied, but it isn't my favorite tee-shirt.  On the positive side:  the weight of the fabric is good for exercising, especially for the gym, and it would be a good single layer for outside/warm temperatures.   The fit is pretty good (I am average sized and wear sizes 8-10); I don't like really tight clothing and this shirt is loose enough to be comfortable but fitted enough so that it doesn't look like I'm wearing a bag.  On the negative side: I am a little short-waisted, and the shirt is long for me and bunches at the top of my hips, which I don't like but accept.  Also, the vee-neck is not a very strong vee (pictures of this shirt are true in that respect).  A lot of technical tees are like this -- designed more for function than for style maybe -- and vee-necks are essentially a crew x vee hybrid.  I prefer a true vee-neck.  Lastly, the fabric has a slightly rough, scratchy feel, which seems characteristic of today's technical fabrics.  It's not clear to me that the cost in "hand" is worth the added function of "wicking" in this instance.  Overall, I consider this shirt fine for the gym or for an hour-long run, but I wouldn't want to spend a lot of extended time in it.
This is ideal for wearing layers of clothing or if you're dressed in a short sleeve over this one.  However, I personally prefer the long sleeved version by the same company. 
Love Hush Puppies.  They are comfortable and I can get a heel low enough for me to be comfortable
The slippers are what I expected. With only a month, I can only say they do the job 
Great overall shirt.  Good quality, wears well.  Wear it proudly
This sweater fits perfect - exactly what I was looking for and I coudn't go wrong with this fabulous price.  My husband liked it as well
I bought this bag as a gift for a lawyer friend. She loves it, and has told everyone about it. The color allows her to express her personailty while remaining professional, and the size and durability of the bag allow her to eliminate a separate purse, lunchbag, and carryall
Comfy, tough, lightweight, wrinkly (like me). Surprisingly durable considering how thin the fabric is. Good stitching. Velcro� back pockets will save your wallet! Doesn't offer lots of stupid exterior loops and gear-freak cargo pockets. Not for the tidy country-club set who need creases on everything, but just perfect for active soccer Dads or when the family hound insists on playing Fetch with muddy logs and the like
Like wearing a moccasin only with more support. More supple than most Driving Shoes, and light weight too. Soles wear very well, as do uppers. A Great looking shoe that has become my favorite knocking around shoe, yet plenty dressy for evenings eating out in Southern Cal
So glad I didn't have to choose between the convenience of carrying all my cards and the bulkyness of a holder big enough to accommodate them. This wallet is slimline and holds all my cards.
It's been 6 months since I wrote this review, and I only become more satisfied with this wallet. All my cards are easily accessed, viewed and I know immediately if one is missing. The leather is silky soft and durable. People have been asking where I found this item. I think it's the best I've ever purchased
We ordered this case for our son's Creative player, and it's a hit. It fits snuggly, he can access all the functions with no problems, and the loup allows him to attach it to a variety of cords and "leashes" during different activities. 
A great value for the money!
I just don't know where to start.  There just doesn't seem to be a way to describe the comfort.  You will just have to try them on to believe it.  My neighbor, mother, husband and I all swear by this product.  Accept no substitutions.   Attractive...no, but the comfort will blow you away
These are the best ever!  I bought these for my daughter and at first was nervous about ordering something like this online and because I had seen similar 'crocs' at local stores for far less.  Well, these are worth every cent!  My daughter and I went to a local store and she compared the way these felt to the local brand...no comparison!  These are the best
I wore these shoes when I worked on my feet all day and they really helped with pain in my feet, ankles, knees and hips. I could really feel the difference from my other work shoes and the "teeth" in the shoes on the soles of my feet really felt good. Being diabetic, I am very concerned about circulation and I believe this was a good purchase. A little expensive, but well worth it in the end. I plan on buying more
Soo comfortable and soo warm.  The only thing that sucks about them is that they aren't waterproof
I bought these boots just in time before the crazy weather started.  Let me tell you,these boots are great!!!!!!  I read all the reviews and bought them a half size bigger and now they're a little big, regardless, I love them and another thing, they keep my feet very warm and cozy
I read the reviews and alot of people said they run 1 to 2 sizes to big. So I always wear a eight and I ordered a 9. They were huge on me. I sold them to a friend. also the ankle part was really wide for my foot when it was in the boot. I'll stick to my Ugg's
Please note, I did not find the need to order up many sizes.  I only ordered a half size up from my normal shoe size and they fit perfectly.  Nice quality boot slippers with excellent traction, nice arch support and a just little lift in the heel which relieves pressure from the low back.  I loves these boots and at a great price too.  Fast efficent shipping as well.  I should say that I bought a pair of White Mountain Suede Shearling boots and I was disappointed with the sizing as well as the quality
Purchased this for my girlfriend.  Told me that fits well and was very happy with this.  I am glad to get such a good price on them too
I have tried many different sports bras and this one is truly wonderful
and I am very pleased with them.  They are very comfortable!!  My sugguestion is to order a size larger if you have a little extra weight because the material can be a little clingy
This is my husband's favorite shirt because it's light and comfortable. It is my favorite shirt for him because it needs no ironing and always looks crisp and neat
These are the most comfortable briefs I have ever worn.  They are worth every penny, in my opinion.  They are designed for a man, plus they seem to not gather moisture, as some fabrics do
I was looking for the lightest, slimmest possible wallet, and the Dopp Getaway is just about perfect.  For the first couple of weeks I kept sticking my hand in my pocket to make sure it was still there - it's that unobtrusive.  It's made out of soft, thin leather (so thin, actually, that the embossed lettering on my credit cards shows through the surface).  That might affect the durability, but it certainly keeps the overall bulk of the wallet down.  The illustration shows a large embossed crest, but mine arrived with only discreet lettering saying "Dopp" at the bottom - a significant improvement, in my mind.  The wallet has pockets for 3 credit cards and a little pouch, open on the top and one side, to hold your cash.    There's also one additional pocket that's ideal for other documents you just have to carry.  The only slight negative for me was the caramel-colored vinyl lining of the cash pocket.  I don't know why they used such a low-class material there.  It's invisible from the outside, and not really offensive, but if I could change one thing, that would be it.  I debated knocking off a star for it, but the overall function and appearance of the wallet is so excellent that I thought it deserved the full five stars.
Overall, if you're disciplined about what you carry, you'll love the small size and low bulk of this wallet.
It will definitely get her attention in the best possible way
This is my first Charles by Charles David shoe.  The material is good, the size too. The only uncomfortable issue was the open toe side, but it after 3 days using them it was ok.
Very nice shoe but definetly it is not a $100 dollars one, if you pay less than $50 will be fair
My twin sister bought these for me, and initially I thought they were too tall and they would never be comfortable. 
Breaking them in wasn't so hard - although the little 'ball' part made the top of my foot hurt at first. 
But now, they feel stable, comfortable and easy to walk it. They feel perfectly balanced and I've never experiance blisters in these shoes. 
Two thumbs up
I really liked my tote bag.  What I liked most was the variety of colors and the size of the bag which is pretty durable considering that I use mine to tote my books in college.  The only thing that i didnt like was the outrageous amount for shipping.  Let me tell you when I say the company sent the bag "stuffed" in a small manilla envelope but yet charged me what almost 6 or 7 dollars in shipping when in fact the enevelope probably costed about 50 cents to ship.  That was foul!  Despite everything about the shipping cost the bag is a good bag and I guess I shouldnt complain as much
For the price, these bags cannot be beat!  There aren't terribly large, but they are just the right size to fit the goodies that I purchased for my girls.  I am having them personalized and they will be ready to give
I am happy with this bag (I got the pink and white one). It is a lovely color, nice size, durable and good price. It comes with an outside pocket and I received it quickly. My only complaint is that almost $7 in shipping is being charged for a light tote that was $3.99, otherwise I highly recommend this bag.
I wasn't expecting much based on the price, so I was pleasantly surprised when I received my order. The tote is a nice size, made of relatively heavy fabric and seems to be well-sewn. I've paid a lot more for a lot less. This was a great buy
I have wide feet and getting comfortable shoes expecially dress shoes has been a problem for me.  Once again LifeStride does know the meaning of wide shoe sizes.  It fits me very well, looks great, and is comfortable.  The color, Wild Rice is a medium dark tan and is as shown. I do recommend the shoe, and of course it is available in other widths-so it is not just for wide feet
Look what I found?  Where?  Under  there!  Under wear? ... Right there! It says, "Be the first person to write a review"  for Jockey Boxer Briefs.  Hmmmm...  no wonder no one has  reviewed these  yet -- who writes a review for men's underwear?  
Ok, fine, I'll do it.  I love these, my preferred brand and style. Your brand and your style may vary as this category of apparel tends to be a personal preference item.
I only buy these in black as I am a firm believer that underwear (men's especially) should not be white -- as by the time the end of the day rolls around and it's time to change them  -- it's better to be left  wondering  what might be there as opposed to seeing it so prominently displayed on a white background!
These hold up well for the price.  Nothing lasts forever. The elastic band is usually the first to go (after many repeated washings) before the material gives out.  i.e. they will fall off before they rot off. 
Finally, so I can feel like I have done a complete job in reviewing these, I had a buddy of mine help with the ultimate test - the Weggie test - and these shorts handled it well...  extreme pain was reached well before the structure and/or material of the boxer short failed.  I give these a "ten tippy toes" rating for how well they performed in the test.
This is one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. The high top really supports your ankle and the shoe itself is form fitting and not one of those big bulkly tennis shoes.  It's light weight and flexilble, but still supportive. Well worth $30.
I love these shoes and they are so cute and comfortable.  The heel is not so tall that you feel like you can't walk.  Customer service and shipping was excellent.  Best price I could find.  Don't hesitate on this purchase.  You'll love them
Protects the Vision M without restricting it's use or synch connection. Flip screen provides extra protection but doesn't always stay in place. Shipping took a little longer than expected (more than a week) but was reasonable
After having purchased the DLO sports case for my Creative Zen Vision M, I read horror story after horror story about the case being too tight, scratching the unit, and even leaving a sticky residue on your valuable player. I looked around for a while before going with this package deal and I'm happy I took the time to do so. 
The case is snug enough so your Zen won't move around in it but it doesn't button mash either. The download/charging port on the bottom is large enough to allow the adapter to plug in easily - so once the case goes on you never really have to take it off. The power switch, headphone jack, and microphone all have openings that are completely functional. The belt clip, kick stand and arm band are all bonus add-ons that can be used or not depending on your needs. And finally the flip screen helps protect your valuable screen which is the main reason I bought this. 
The film screen protector is difficult to put on without leaving any air bubbles underneath so I took mine off in the end. Fortunately, these can be found almost anywhere unlike this case and package that comes with it. And all of this for under $10??? A great deal on an excellent product. Highly recommended
Not very pretty but the comfort makes up for that.  I am on my feet all day and used to wear reeboks, nike etc, I decided to try the Crocs and have not gone back !!! Its like walking with slippers on. I have been wearing them for about 7 months or so and just recently tried my tennis shoes again and barely made it through the day. By that night my feet and back were hurting so bad I didnt want to do much but sit down. Right then and there I made up my mind to never go back to tennis shoes again !!!  I do wish they were a little cheaper so I could add all the colors to my wardrobe. Buy them you wont be sorry !! Stay away from the look a likes they are nothing like the original crocs in comfort !
I wouldn't say they're my favorite pair, but I definitely like them.  Soft, Comfortable, Sexy
These are great goggles they are as good as sweeds but don't leave marks.  they stick to your head the same way.  I have used mine in several Triathlons and they are so easy to use and adjust if needed. 
I really liked the Black Tuxedo Outfit, my son wore it in a pageant and won, so I am very very happy about that. The tuxedo fit nicely and looked very nice on him
I purchased this tuxedo outfit w/vest for my son who was in his aunt's wedding.  He was 18mos. at the time.  It looked wonderful on him and fit nicely.  The pants were a little long but other than that it fit very nicely on him.  The tuxedo was true to size of my child.  Fast shipping from retailer as well.  I was very impressed overall
This backpack is sturdy, good looking, very functional and at at least a third of the price of other similar backpacks I looked at, I'm completely satisfied with this purchase
If your girlfriend is a fan of hello kitty then you can't go wrong with the cami/panty combo. Its cute but sexy. Very nice
I made a bone head move and just bought one. It cost as much to send it as it did for one shirt. These people have areally good t-shirts. Not thin, and they are stiched well
This is the the most comfortable and motion limiting sports bra ever.  I highly recommend it
I just purchased Fleece Hoodies and pants by Andrew Christian, the material is wonderful.  The hoody feels luxuriously soft on my skin.  I would recommend them highly.
The pansts are low-rise, since I am older, I am still getting used to that, but they too feel really good on.
More than pleased...excited.  The price was better than local stores; should have purchased several pairs.  Easy on the feet, wear well, and on and off at the airport
My son likes these to sleep and wear under pants in winter.  They are perfect, washing easily, and retaining their size and color
These Wellies (rubber boots) are a show-stopper! I get lots of comments on how smashing they look - and they are very functional - I wear them in the garden, on the beach (can walk into pretty high water without getting wet) and they are comfortable for long periods of walking.
Very happy with them and the price was right too
These socks are a bit on the thin side, but they withstand a lot of wear
Girlfriend loves these gloves, they were thicker than her original fingerless globes, however she complained about the thumbs.  She wish they had a better way to hold them on the thumb, and when not in use to restrain it back
Got this for my dad - before his truck was a slew of mail and papers - worked out well
I purchased the white entrance wedge sandal by Steve Madden from Amaon.com and I LOVE THEM! They are so Cute and they go with everything! Perfect fun shoe for the beach, or for a night out! People compliment me when I wear them and you will not be dissapointed! They are so comfortable and did I say that I love them! :
This is really too small for me to use everyday but is great for times when I want something dressy.   It is a very pretty little bag.  
This fanny pack is superb.  The design is very roomy: a very large main compartment fully lined and zippered, and two convenient smaller zippered compartments in the outside front of bag.  Also fairly large zippered area within the main compartment, and another on the back of the fanny pack leather area near your body.  As yet I haven't found a use for the very small side zippered pockets near the belt.  The leather is very good quality and the brown is a warm medium shade.  All zippers work well.  Extra large belt.  I am a new fanny pack wearer, so it does take some getting used to the  bulk and weight in the front waist area, but it beats the strain of shoulder straps, hand bags, etc.  I use the cell phone pocket for my hearing aid volume/program adjustment device, the size of a small cell phone. Similar fanny packs in leather stores in my town cost over $70 without all the features of this one.   It arrived soon after I ordered it. I recommend it highly.  You won't be disappointed. 
These shoes are the best!I like the removable wheel! You could heel to school
and when you got there you could take your wheels out so nobody will know that you have them on! You will be heeling across the  floor in no time if you keep practicing on them! It took me a while to get the hang of these shoes! You should be absolutely satisfied when you try out these shoes! They are the only shoes with removable wheels in the heels!
This is the best brand of slippers I have ever owned! I have a cute pink pair that I slip into the minute I get home. They have lasted for several years now, and they are still in good shape.
These slippers are so comfortable, and they stay on my feet without any effort. They are very soft and keep my feet plenty warm, and my feet never sweat in them, even without socks! 
This style runs large, and I wear a 1/2 size smaller than my normal shoe size in these slippers. After wearing them the first week, I noticed they got a little roomier, but they still stay on just fine.
They are my only pair of house shoes at the moment. I just ordered a new pair in a different style (in pink, of course), and I have no doubt they will be just as good as this pair was to me. Try Dearfoams and your feet will thank you
Quality product, exactly what I wanted, but it runs large. I wear a half size, bought the size larger & now think I'll buy the smaller size
Very warm and comfortable for the price.  For any price, really.  Nice, looks good, feels comfy, keeps warm and cuts wind without reducing hearing in the least
Good bag, I thought it was a little bigger, but it worked out great
I purchased these for my Mother as a Christmas present.  They are so soft to the touch and I was able to get them in a 7.5 wide which is unusual.  The color is nice too
Esta tienda es muy rapida en contestar y enviar el producto adquirido.
Es toy muy contento con el producto que adquiri por que es exactamente lo que deseaba.
Very comfortable and feel. No one makes it like Under Armour
Brand New, tags and everything !!!  Arrived within a week, no glitches. Just like ordering new from catalog. Will search and order again for merchandise all at fairer price or even 50 cut of new brand name items that either are not in stock in your size, or can't be found in store or are marked up 20% 0r more!
LUUVV ITT!!!!!!!
BONNI
This item was shipped quickly and on time.  It stands out, not the same-old, same-old zip-up hoodie.  Would recommend this seller and item-(to any yankee fan).  Thanks for reading.  =
   I got 3 sets of these boxers not knowing much about the quality, fitting, material, etc... All I have to say is these are well worth for the price
This swim jock is a great all around jock.  Very durable and very comfortable pouch and straps.  Mine has taken a beating, and has not fallen apart like other jocks I own.  The swim style is cut very low in front, with a fairly small pouch.  Not only is it great for working out under your workout pants or shorts, it actually turns out to be a very sexy pair of underwear for everyday or play.  The low rise cut pairs very well with low rise jeans, not to mention the barely there skimpy factor.  Heat it up a little and try this jock under your low cut jeans.....looks and feels hot!  If you're looking for a jock with less coverage and a lower waistband or just a comfortable sexy pair of underwear, this jock is a great buy for the price. 
i made a poopie in my pantys so you are mean i love camo hats i'm 5 and i live in new york city in a apratmant that is fancy so you are stupiodo haeds.ps im in the army
The fatigues were just what my son wanted.  The only thing wrong was that there was no inseam available to order.  I guess on fatigues you are suppose to use the drawstring at the bottom.  But my son didn't want that so I had to hem about four inches on each leg.  Other than that it was an excellent product
This top runs small, so order next size up.  Vibrant colors, nice fabric, comfy, attractive fit.
The product arrives just as shown. Sturdy, attractive leather. Just the right size for small items. This is an A++ product
Good quality, well built vest of full bodied fleece.  Vest is slightly fitted at the waist for a feminine look and the arm holes are neatly close fitting to keep the warmth in.  Sizes run alittle large.  I love my extra small vest and my daughter loves her small vest
I bought this because I needed something to run in as well as use as an "all around light weight jacket"  This does the trick, very light, great in the rain. I am very pleased with the product and the customer service was top notch
I bought these boots when they were on sale. Definitely worths the money! they look great with skinny jeans tucked in, and they are really comfortable. Whoever saw my boots loved them
I love these shoes, they are so comfortable and give great support. These are my second pair. The merchant got them to me really fast and I appreciate that. Though when I ordered I thought the amazon site specified free shipping so I was surprised at that
I have been a fan of ASICS shoes for many years my feet tend to overpronate, which puts a terrible strain on my knees and arches. Asics duomax technology allows me to run comfortably which I love to do but stopped for many years due to the strain on my joints,until I found these shoes. I absolutely love these shoes they have helped me regain the confidence and comfort to enjoy running again. This is the only type of shoe I will ever buy and has been the only one I have bought  for 7 years now ! I highly recommend this shoe! Especially if your feet tend to overpronate
My baby loves his new kicks!! They came quick and would recomend them to anyone
My husband is a big man and very rough on belts.  Most belts last him a few weeks.  This one has lasted him 3+ years.  The only reason I'm buying him a new one is because he's lost so much weight.  There's still 'lots of miles' left in the belt I'm replacing.  Definitely got our money's worth out of it
Shirt looks good, its a tighter fit not lose. Color is very dark and looks almost black in some angles
The boots arrived packaged in their original packaging and individually wrapped inside.  These boots will never disappoint...they are fun, warm, comfy and stylish!  Dont forget to spray with silicon before taking them out
I bought these just a couple of months ago but i've already put them to the test. I went hiking to a waterfall in Mexico, I ended up covered in mud, my new shoes included. I was worried they would be spoiled (it really was a lot of mud). Then I just washed them with running water and all the dirt was gone. Besides being really comfortable, it's great to know that you can use them in all types of terrain and they will do the job.
I love this purse! I just wish I could get it in the emerald color, too. I have the magenta.
Finally!  I've been looking for a good bust enhancer for several years. These enhancers are well-shaped and incredibly comfortable.  When ordering, go ahead and get the B/C size.  Even if you are an A or low-B. These inserts are a little heavy and require a good bra to conceal and hold them up. I personally recommend using a Fashion Forms pocket bra style 9400 or a Playtex style 4300.  Order a cup size above what you would normally wear.
For me, they are very difficult to put on.  I have to use a long shoe horn. They aren't tight, in fact they are so wonderfully comfortable and warm. They look great if you like the UGG look.  I'm hoping when they loosen up, they will be easier to put on.  The top scrunches down when I put my foot in that is why it is so hard to get them on. It could be me though!Otherwise, I love everything else about them.
Van C
This was a very nice item.  I bought it for my mom for christmas.  She loved it.  It was shipped very fast and I was informed very well on shipment information.  This shoe was a great deal.  Usually they are pretty expensive but they had a great deal.  Thanks!
Very comfortable, but the straps keep coming loose. 
My daughter simply loves this item. Very handy, compact, and versatile. A great wonderful gift for anyone's daughter.
These are perfect for low-rise pants. The cut will likely be flattering for any guy. The front pouch design allows for maximum comfort and moveability, and I find the fit in the back to be basically great. An essential for those whose jeans hang low
The skin fits well & the belt clip works well. It seems a bit bulkier than my friend's Zen skin & belt clip...but she paid about $10 more than I did! I would definitely recommend this product. I have yet to use the armband so I can't review that right now. 
My only issue is the screen protector fits into the window of the skin, not Zen screen. So the screen protector is smaller than the Zen screen. The window of the skin covers a couple millimeters of the top of the screen, but that part only tells the time anyway
Excellent product. Item arrived fast and exactly as described. Works like a charm. Haven't yet had TSA open the lock, but it does the job
Once my best friend described my bra size as "beige."  Meaning that when you shop in the "full figure" section of a department store, you feel like you accidentally walked into your granny's closet. Most of the bras are beige, with some black or white ones, and all are gigantic and ugly.
If this sounds familiar to you, then this is the bra for you.  It looks pretty, comes in a variety of colors, and I at least was able to jump up and down while wearing it with no negative consequences.  The cups do the supporting, so the bra doesn't need to have those super-wide, heavily padded straps.  And it gives a good silhouette under clothes, but will also look nice by itself
What can I say, these are pretty and practical. I know my boyfriend is going to be impressed, after the shock wears off. I like these panties, I like the lacy look, so divine, and I like the way they ride pretty low. And they don't show through your clothes. Like my dear gal pal Ophella, I can imagine a naughty situation or two where I could have a little illicit and harmless fun. Yikes! What am I saying
Who hasn't wanted a pair of these since they were a little girl? So glamorous, girly, and sexy. I was surprised how comfortable they are on the foot. They really do feel like slippers, just with the heel as a bonus. I normally wear a 6W or a 6 �, so these are a little snug, but not too bad. So glad I bought them- two pairs red & black. Pink will be next..
My son love these shoes, I have to stop him from wearing them so much, I just wish they came in other colour
Not all bras are created equal.  But what makes it so special?  As a fuller figured female, let me explain the merits:
1)Support - it does a great job. This bra does not sag over the course of the day.  Your figure looks just as great in the evening as when you put the bra on in the morning.
2)Coverage - this gives the modest more coverage so people don't see what you don't want them to see.  For starters, the fabric is thicker than any bra that I have ever owned.  And no, this is  not a padded bra, the material is just thicker.  Since the material is thicker, it means that it is truly opaque.  Not even with the thinnest and whitest t-shirt will you be embarassed.
3)Comfort - this bra is quite comfortable, especially considering that it is an underwire.  I have not experienced the sensation of  underwire digging in nor the straps gouging my shoulders.  But on occassion I do feel some pressure from one of the straps (hence the 4 star rating).
Now there are a few things that may give you pause.
1)Price - this bra averages $60-65 in department stores, not a cheap undergarment.
2)Size - this bra is larger compared to other bras of the same size.  What I mean is that the bra has a defined shape... it does not lie flat as the cups are molded.  And there is more fabric that connects the cups together.  A good descriptive word is "substantial", but don't think bulky.  This bra does disappear under t-shirts giving you a beautiful form rather than a body marked by undergarment lines.
This is an undergarment that I intend to buy again... and again... and again
Excellent quality for the price I paid.  Very happy with purchase. Arrived in a timely manner
My husband really likes the Intimo Men's Classic Silk Pants.  They are very comfortable, and the color is really nice.  He wears them almost every day!
The only complaint that we had is that the pants are a little bit short in length
This is a great and comfortable bra, and it works for me. It's a MINIMIZER, and is great for larger sizes. I exercise a lot and it provides great support, even good enough for running on the treadmill. I have a few of these same bras that have lasted several years. I am so impressed with them that I looked up the tag numbers on the bras and found this site to purchase more, and it is half of what I paid in the mall. Now it is all I wear for everyday :)
I got this bra at a deeply discounted price when it was on clearance at a nearby store, and I didn't realize how much I liked it until I decided to buy another one some time later, and panicked when I couldn't make out the writing on the tag.  I have been trying to find this dang bra for AGES! Finally! I found it again! I am so stoked!  The one I bought so long ago is my favorite bra, and it looks pretty sad by now.  Like other reviewers' bras, mine developed a split in the fabric, but it was only after many, many washes in the machine, rides on the bike, exercise DVDs, naps, etc.  
I like this bra because it fits me so well, but also because the fabric is so breathable--no cotton, so it dries fast!  It is really stable so I actually use mine instead of a sports bra, because sports bras suck.  If I could, I would people the lingerie world with these bras. The only problem a lady might have with this bra is sheerness-related:  Don't wear it with a sheer shirt!  I wish there were another version, "Opaque Tapestry," maybe.  Then I'd never buy any other bra
I give 5 stars for the easy spirit sandle I ordered , I like it. Delivery is fast. I will order something else
I  just love the color and the way it looked on me . IT  is a very very pretty jacket 
...these are comfortable. You can actually forget you're wearing them. And if you are like me and worn just about every thong there is, that is huge. I was thinking I should just stop wearing thongs at all until I found these. I've washed my pair a couple times in the regular cycle and dried them, and it still is holding up well. I'm back on Amazon.com to buy more. Go for it girls, you won't regret it! Sexy and comfy. Could you ask for more...
I now own three pairs
After having plastic tags crack and break off my suitcase, a leather bag tag is what i needed.  They stay on the suitcase and don't break
These shoes not only look great but feel wonderful. They are so light weight and comfortable. Great product at a great price
This company gave me very good service. They called me personally a couple of times to make sure they had everything correct. I was a bit diappointed that in the bigger sizes the selection of color isn't large but that is okay. They were out of Granny Apple and so we had to get Red
Very comfortable.  Better quality than most.  Good rubber sole and lotsa fur inside.  Sizing appears to right on for me.  I take an 11 shoe and the 11 fits just right.  The laces actually do tighten them up and pull the back up so my heels don't pop out as normally happens with a new shoe.  I doubt they will last very long outside, but who wears slippers to the store??  Highly recommended! 
Good construction and material for the price.  Size seems a bit different in L vs. R unless I am more asymmetrical now than I noticed before?  Nice sheepskin material.  I am hoping this lasts longer than the previous moc I purchased by Acorn
Once while traveling, I had a big blister on my heel and needed something that wouldn't rub my heel. I happened to get a pair of Crocs since the strap can be moved forward to look like trim over the front. I was pleasantly surprised by the Crocs - very cushiony soft, like walking on air. Also the material is insulating enough to keep your feet warm yet the air holes ventilate enough that your feet don't get sweaty either. 
I originally got the Crocs for temporary use but now I look forward to slipping into them everyday when I get home. It's wonderful to feel such cushioning on my feet with every step. They've replaced my slippers, mocassins, surf shoes and sandals.
 This product is what I expected when I buy a Carhartt product.
 It's a quality item and worth the money I spent
Turf Gear is initally marketed for use with football players, well I think the year Bill Clinton became President was the last time I donned shoulder pads, but it didn't stop me from being active later in life.  With Long Sleeve Turf Gear shirts from Under Armour, I was hoping that the product would live up to the description.  A long sleeve shirt that is skin tight, yet allows your skin to breath?  Material that wicks sweat away from the skin?  Sounded almost too good to be true, but I took a chance anyways.
So far I've used mine both hiking and cycling, with the latter getting so much use that I need to order more.  Despite the tightness of this shirt when you initially put it on, it stretches and breathes amazingly well.  I was a little leery with the two size charts and actually used Amazon's instead of the actual retailer who was selling the Under Armour product (Fogdog) and ended up just fine.  Works great for working out or any number of outdoor type activities which is what I use mine for.  Bottom line is that it breathes and stretches well, and is very comfortable.  I must also add that after several washings and even a bad spill while cycling, these shirts are amazingly durable!  I feel the price is definitely worth it, excuse me while I go order more
I love this bag! I purchased the pink/chocolate color and I get alot of compliments on how cute it is. I am in my early 20's and I have a 2 and half year old and this bag can hold what I need for him as well as my things and still not look bulky or overstuffed and at the same time, is very stylish. I really like those trendy baby bags for those young moms, but they are very expensive. This is lightweight, made of cotton, so very easy to clean. I chose standard shipping and it came so quickly. I am very satisfied with my purchase
I'm very pleased with the comfort and design and appearant durability. I just wish it would get colder and stay cold long enough in Arizona to wear them more often:
It's just what I wanted. I pulled out the removable sections because I prefer a slimmer feel.
These sweaters are a fantastic value for $18.  Quality is excellent, though the colored trim may not appeal to all tastes.  Note that the fabric is somewhat thicker than most merino wool sweaters and the sizing on this model is a little snugger than the other Raffi merino sweaters
I was pleased with all purchase.  I did not feel that I was given enough consideration on shipping costs as a very old and loyal customer.  In addition for reasons that are not clear to me, I continue to get duplicate orders, or the order is sent to an old address.  The return process in this circumstance is cumbersome and communicating with you and receiving a cogent response is quite difficul
The Disney cars shoes were awesome for my grandson.  He loved the racing lights and the wheels on the sides.  They are somewhat tight because of the elestic on the insides, but they were a big hit for him.
Having looked extensively for a casual parka that works well with jeans I finally found this one. I ordered on-line, and then received a phone call from the company supplying this product through Amazon, verifying that the size I ordered was correct.  The person I spoke with was very friendly and helpful.  She helped me decide that I needed a larger size and I'm very glad because when the parka arrived it was the perfect size.  I love all the pockets.  It has just enough lining to be warm yet comfortable.  And best of all it looks great with jeans and other casual clothing. The outer shell is also very soft.  
I have purchased several shoes from Nine West and for the price these are very comfortable boots and of good quality. I would highly recommend them because they are the kind of boot you can wear all day long. The calf of the boot is very generous and the heel height is exquisive for walking in fashion.
not as pretty as I hoped on my feet but an overall great shoe and fit. DO not regret the purchas
I'm a size 0-2, I ordered a size small, if I ordered another pair I would probably get a medium, due to dryer shrinkage. They fit in every way, but they are so revealing I'm barely comfortable going outside.
I bought these shoes for my husband. I ordered them on a Monday and they were at my house by Wednesday! I have owned a pair of "real" Birks before and these look identical to them. My husband loves them and they wre more than half the price of the real ones
I ordered this item and a pair of mocha nubuck as well.  I've been wearing Birks and various varieties of them for years.  I'm always very satisfied with the fit, delivery time, and the customer service that i receive from Midwest Sports. I wear my clogs in all sorts of weather except when there is fresh snow, but as soon the walkways and streets are clear, I'm back in them with thicker socks of course.  
They can be a little stiff at times, but once you break them in after a couple weeks of constant wearing, you will love them like no other
Well, since I will be using this soon, I believe it will be just perfect. Holds all the necessary items safely, so will let you know when I return from my trip
Material was not overly thick and designs were great! Look good on my daughter
At first I thought i wouldn't like this bra because it has to be pulled over you head to put it on. However, this is the most comfortable bra I bought, and I bought a lot of different kinds. This is perfect for engorgement and just plain daily comfort
I'll start with my stats: I'm a size 8, 5'2", and I carry my weight in my rear and thighs (all extra 20 pounds of it). This skirt is lovely, it hides what should never be seen (refer to the 20 pounds above...) and helps create a slimming line. I've worn it with silk blouses, stockings, and high heels and I've worn it with slouchy sweaters, tights, and chunky mary janes -- it works perfectly with both
I got these socks as a gift at my baby shower.  I've looked everywhere trying to find them so I could buy more.  These socks stay on my little boy's feet and are made very well
My son really liked this, although I recommend that you check sizes exactly as I thought that a size L Big kids would be big but it is just the right size for an 11 or 12 year old
I love my Clarks and I can get such good prices through Amazon.  I have
bought two pairs of Clarks with Amazon and I plan on buying more in
the future.  Bett
The product was as advertised and delivered on time
These are great shoes! The shoes are a medium-to-baby pink and they're very "high style". The shoes run true to size.  The shoes are surprisingly comfortable and I got lots of raves when I wore them to a recent wedding.  They're great shoes at a good price
I ordered these shoes for my wedding, so you can imagine my nervousness.  I received them within a week and fell in love!  I've shown them to my bridal party and my mother and have received nothing but raves!  Even at the shoe repair where I had no-skids put on them and the dress shop where I had a fitting no one could take their eyes off my shoes!  
Order a 1/2 size smaller
The shoes are comfortable. Easy to wear and feel great with or without socks!
This is the best of the small front pocket wallets available.  Other front pocket wallets have gimmicky designs that don't work well.  This is designed on the same pattern as a full size wallet, only reduced to 4x3 inches.  Holds three cards, bills, and ID as well as having a little room under the ID card for business cards.  Great buy
These are so pleasing on the eye. What can I say besides the fact that these jeans fit great, look great, and attract alot of attention. Buy them!!
There so warm and cozy for those long winter nights and they're good for mountian hikers. The keep your feet warm and dry
I love this Guess oval tag necklace.  It is just like the Tiffany's oval tag necklace, and it has an adorable little rhinestone dangle.  The best part is the price.  I only had to spend $18.00 for it, and there is also a matching bracelet for only $15.00!  I would recommend this to anyone of any age
My husband thought this was a great shirt as an avid golfer.
The whole Rubber wristband thing has gotten out of hand.  do your part to put it to rest by buying regular wristbands.  When it was all for charities before-thats okay.  but it is ridiculous now.  heres the rules:
-Livestrong= okay because that was the original 
-Everything else= NO.  
-People who wear like 5 of them= Probably the main reason why you'd starting wearing the regular ones.  
Plus they're way better and not some cheap piece of rubber that cost .2 cents to make.  
anyways... 
END THE FAD!!!
I love these shoes. I bought 3 colors and they are great! They are very stylish AND comfortable and that is hard to find in a dress shoe
I got so many compliments on these shoes the first time I wore them to work. They are very pretty and preppy looking. I wore them with slacks and a matching cable knit sweater. The green is very bright, so they don't match everything, but it's a standout accessory. Wore them without socks and had no blisters
Sharp set of shoes.  Comfortable, too, and they fit well.
But I believe they were shipped on Cinderella's Coach - while the mice were still mice.  It took FOREVER to arrive, so be warned
Very nice sandal, lookes great with a dress or jeans. Low enough to wear for hours at a time, but high enough heel to make it look chic
I liked the shoes, they look nice, my only concern when I first received them was the quality of the cover leather, at the begining it looked like plastic. But otherwise they fit perfectly
My husband refused to wear slippers and it was driving me nuts that he walked barefoot all the time, he said he could never find slippers that were comfortable enough.  Since the Red Sox are his favorite team and the reviews were so good on these particular Reebok slippers I thought it was win-win all around so I bought them as part of his Valentine's gifts.  Needless to say, they were a big hit, he LOVES them!  They are comfortable, modern looking and the Red Soz logo made his day.  I would buy these for any sports lover with their favorite team logo on them
I bought these for my husband, and he loves them.  The material is soft and comfortable, and they keep his feet warm.  They are also easier to slip on and off than his previous pair of slippers.  He wears 11 1/2 wide, so I got him the XL pair, and they fit him well
quick shipping and a great product, I am looking forward to using it VERY soon
The shoes are not exactly what I wanted bacause I was trying to get the same shoe that I had purchased some years ago. Times change and so does style. I searched everywhere and these were the closest to what I wanted. The Keds shoes from Amazon which I ordered and received on time might I add, were more like what we used to call Bo Bos and the rhyme used to go like this..... "Bo Bos they make your feet feel fine, Bo Bos they cost a dollar 99, Bo Bos." Don't know who made it up even but that was the rhyme we used to sing. I can't explain exactly how the older pair is but there is a slight look and feel of a difference. I still like the older ones better. Not sure if I'll ever find the same ones again. Oh and one last thing, if I could give shoe and clothing stores one tip, it would be to make adult sizes for the children's items. They make some really cool things for kids today. Like the Keds Girls' Jazzy Sneaker. Hope it's not just because I haven't grown up yet
It is a must have for all monty python and the holy grail fans!
Bought this as a gift for my husband who loves the movie. He loved it from the minute he saw it. Whenever he wears it it seems that someone makes a positive comment about it.  It is amazing how many fans of the movie there are.
A great gift for Holy Grail fans
My wife used this to get a better fit into her wedding gown.  In retrospect, she wonders if it would've worked even better if she had worn a traditional strapless bra over the Shape and Size bra
This was a great purchase, and I love keen shoes.  My only complaint is sweaty feet when it's hot, and the shoes don't dry out very quickly
My girlfriend thinks they're sexy and they're solid underwear.  No swampiness from boxers or boxer briefs.  If you're a briefs guys (I switch around), these are the way to go
This is exactly what I was looking for.  It's longer and perfect for wearing on your hips.  Feels nice and soft and belt is not stiff
This is, by far, the most comfortable pair of unders I've ever worn. Over the years, I've gone with boxers and with briefs, and in the boxers vs. briefs contest, both are losers compared to the Contour Thong. There's no elastic to chafe the legs yet there is full support. The Contour Thong has a Y thong back, and you don't need to have the body of an International Male/Undergear model to wear these. For any guy with an open mind, I recommend these -- just buy one or two pairs and give a try
I am very happy with the swimsuit.  Delivery was as stated.  Fits wonderfully.  The only problem was once I was wearing it, a little of the edge of one of the cups was showing, but I tucked it in whenever it was noticeable.  I was very happy that the suit fit nicely because I was a little worried of having to return for a different size and paying shipping.  The size I ordered was the size I normally wear and as I said, it fit great
great flats! Compact and small for those who have too many shoes already. The only thing with these shoes are the elastic part starts hurting the back of my my foot, but only happens if you wear them for a long period of time.
This is absolutely one of the most comfortable heels I have in my closet.
great buy good pric
The New Balance 991 GL (and 991 and 990 before it) is an outstanding shoe for running and day to day use (even some cross training). I have worn this family of shoes because they provide ample support, wear well and are well ventilated. The 991 GL carries on that tradition. Hopefully, the 992 will be just as good
I am not a runner; thus, I use the shoes for typical tasks such as shopping, errands, hanging out, etc.  I have owned many shoes over the years, and these are probably 1 of the 2 most comfortable shoes I have ever owned.  I am hooked on the New Balance line of running shoes.   
Pros
They don't hurt the back of your heels
Comfortable like walking with socks on
Cons
Very thin,you can see your toes thru the fabric on the top.
Bottom line, they are a good buy for the price.  Very cute, stylish, and comfortable
I bought several things from this seller and this was among my favorites. My husband loved the way I looked in it. I must admit I was not that sure I wanted to buy something like this online...mainly because I am extremely picky with the quality of the things I buy...and also because I tend to be between sizes. But I ordered size 34 and looked perfect on me. I am very pleased with this seller. The order was shipped promptly and arrived in very good condition..
This shoe is great. It even came with an extra pair of shoe strings that had a different design. The only thing that I felt it lacked was extra comfort. I wear Skechers and have done so for years and I have had other styles that were more comfortable although this was not top comfort it was definitely wearable and did not hurt my feet. 
It was a great deal that I just couldn't pass up and definitely worth the price :
The Moondoggies are very comfy and cute as can be! Perfect for wearing to the park with the kids but nice enough to veture out in the evening... I am buying another pair.
I am totally satisfied with the merchant and the product
Everything you need that your iPod didn't come with, at one low price.  Shipped promptly
fits great on my ipod nano. does not slip off like other silicone covers. pretty durable and great protective piece for the nano. 
con: do plastic cover or protection for the screen
Oh my gosh!  I was so excited to see this item.  My 15 year old and all of his buddies are big fans of Napoleon Dynamite and this t-shirt is an exact replica of the one worn during the famous election rally dance!  I will be a hit on Valentine's Day with this gift!
I was so impressed with this shirt that I had to buy another for my best friend!  It is for her birthday, so I have yet to see her expression!  But since I thought it was awesome, I knew she would love it too.  We are both on different bowling leagues and so far, everyone else got a kick out of it.  My opinion, this is where we should get a good team together and order from CruisinUSA.  I wouldn't mind being a Gutter Gal, so to speak!  These shirts are AWESOME!  I give BowlingShirts.com 10 stars!!  Bravo!
My husband, the Star Wars fanatic, loves them!  Very comfy
I bought a couple of these bodysuits because I thought that they were quite amusing. The quality seems ok - I have not washed them yet so I can't comment on the color fastness - the dark blue seems a like it may fade.The first thing I noticed was that the bodysuits are very long. They are not the stardard length you get with Gerber and Carter's etc. The 0-3 mths has the length of a normal 6-9mth bodysuit. The chest area is ok but the armholes are a bit small. In the bigger sizes the armholes seem normal. I have to wait until my son gets here to decide if I will convert the smaller ones into tees. 
This would have gotten 5 stars if the sizing was right - Hope this helps future buyers!!!
Great item!  Have already used several times and is exactly as is described
This is a really soft, and very comfortable pillow.  It is priced great, a lot cheaper than similar microbead travel pillows.  I am very satisfied
I couldnt resist these shoes for the price...I've had good experience with Bandolino branded shoes.  I have two other pairs that are stylish and very comfortable.  Sure enough, this pair of boots are very comfortable too!  The color is a great burnished bronze, that is a great neutral color to wear (plus metallics are in fashion again).  The zip-up is easy, and the calf is roomy.  I'm very happy with them, and would recommend them to anyone who doesn't want to spend 100's of dollars, but wants to get the look and comfort of expensive shoes
I ordered this boot in a size 7, Pewter.  Very cute boot and fits perfectly.  Very comfortable fit and feel.  Everyone who saw them wanted to know where I got them!  Simply darling boot
I have really enjoyed my sunglasses.  Quick shipment and great price make this a must buy item.  Would buy from again
These wrestling shoes are an awesome buy for a great price. And they were delivered faster than expected
This is my 2nd set of these type of curlers.  The last ones stayed with me for three years.  They are so good, I stopped using the "big, home set" and use these type daily.   Heat up fast, great lasting curl (particularly for hard to curl fine hair), and don't even need to leave them in that long.
Would have given them a 5 - but this set has the awful plastic clips that can leave a kink in the curl.   Recommend getting or using a set of the old-fashioned wire clips that come with most non-travel sets if you want a smoother curl
I bought this pump in Bonsai color. The pump was true to size. They are more cute than in the phot
This was my first time using Amazon and it was great. I have bought other things over the net but by far this was the most seamless. Lets do it again next time.
Lawhote
I purchased these boots hoping they would fit and not hurt my feet.  I have arthritis in one foot and can hardly wear shoes because of the pain.
These boots fit very well, look great, and I can wear them longer than any shoe I have had in the past year!!  I love them
I love these shoes! They are so comfy and look good. The price is a bit steep, I think, but considering I could wear them practically every day and not get tired of them, I guess they are worth it. Definitely considering purchasing another pair in brown!
I ordered 3 products from Dance Now...None of them fit being at least one size too small. When I contacted Dance now regarding this issue they told me that these shoes are sized for Women. Men need 2 sizes larger in their street shoe size. I found no reference to that detail on the Amazon website. Dance Now representative told me it is referenced on their own website. But Amazon does not make that fact known.
So now I have 2 orders I have to pay shipping to Dance Now as well as their exhchange cost. I am a bit unhappy over this
These were nice, lightweight budget jazz shoes; however, they do NOT fit the same as street shoes, despite what the description says. My daughter wears a 2.5 in street shoes, and I ordered her a 4 in the jazz bootie thinking there would be plenty of room for growth. WRONG! I have to return them and get her at least a 5 or maybe a 5.5. BEWARE
I bought these for my husband and he LOVES them. They're well made and super comfortable. He liked them so much he bought another pair in a different color. Highly recommended
I bought these for my son, and he says they are really comfortable; he wears them when he plays basketball--lots of support and no blisters.  I'll most likely buy another pair for him..
I love this bra!  It is very comfortable and like the other reviewer said, adds a whole cup size!  Cheaper than Victoria's Secret and well made
BEWARE:  This bra WILL increase the appearance of your breasts a full cup size or more!  The only draw back to acquiring this bra is slyly wearing it without family and co-workers knowing something's up.
This bra is made from good materials.  The cups are thick and smooth and the straps are study and comfortable. The liquid is ample but not noisy or lumpy.  The cup fabric is itchy at first, but a handwash in woolite will fix that. 
The only problem I have, is that this bra doesn't push the breasts up to the cup!  I prefer low-cut blouses and would feel more confident in a "push-up" design.
Otherwise, it's a truly effective bra to give you non-surgical results
these shoes are so cute and sexy! High heels makes a girl look so much longer and leaner!
Beware though, if you've never bought naughtys i would go to a store and try them on first b4 buying online. I wear 8's in EVERYTHING but these, i wear 7.5. LOVE THEM!
These socks are absolutely the best. I take pilates classes and if it is hot your feet can slip off the mat. (Not good in the middle of a side plank!)Anyway these socks keep your feet planted and dry. One note; make sure not to order them big, the idea is that they should be snug
I wrote a rave review of these the day I got them.  They were absolutely terrific and gave me purchase doing yoga on a slippery rug.  However, the next time I wore them for a longer session, they got stretched out. My toes kept falling out of them and they became twisted around my feet and just generally got in the way. 
I put on a new pair for another session and when doing any lunges or poses with my legs in a wide stance, they were very uncomfortable. 
Oh well.  The "concept" is great, but they don't really work unless you're doing very little movement.  I wish someone would come up with something like this that does the job
I brought a pair of the Beach/Garden Clogs from Cozee World,  the order was shipped quickly,  and when I realized the size was wrong,  they even allowe dme to exchange them for the correct size.  It was Overall good service.  thanks
I received these today in the mail and am pleased with the way these feel on my feet,they are so comfortable and so easy to slide on
we needed a ruch delivery for our vacation of some quality water shoes with a decent price, we were treated superbly. our order took less than 3 full days to arrive. we will use amazon again to fine deals and service like this
Great product with speedy delivery. The shoes arrived before I expected and were exactly what I wanted. Thank you!
I just recieved my shoes today and can't believe that these shoes fit perfectly. The wide size 8.5 is just what I needed. I am already wearing these shoes with no break in required as I would often have with other shoes. I love the value as I purchased these for only $19.79. 
The shoes are comfy and of great quality. I wasn't sure if I liked the buckle, but decided to risk it b/c of the great price. The buckle is a nice accent and overall I'm am very happy with the shoes.
the shoes were in great shape, the shipping speed was fast, really satisfie
I love this umbrella. It's just the right size and works perfectly. It's so pretty that I don't want to get it wet!!
These were ordered for my son for regular sledding and tubing activities. He thinks they are warm and comfortable - not stiff like similar snow pants from other manufacturers.  They are a great value
I love these underwear. I have not bought them from amazon yet, but I plan to. I will wear them until Jockey stops making them. I have worn these for the past 3 years, or so, and they are so soft and comfortable. Highly recommended
Good quality product at very reasonable price. Postage was quick even though I'm in the UK. All round good service
It's nice and has yet to fall apart in 10 belly dancing classes.  The only thing is that every other triangle does not have coins, so you are only getting half as many coins as pictured.  However, for the price I would rather that than have it full of coins and falling apart. 
Now this Military Style Combat Boot is one of a kind! It takes a while to break it in but after, you will enjoy it! It looks so cool just looking at it, never mind wearing it! its leather is tops! And it WILL last a life time! Not water proof, but great for jungle trekking! Shines easy
I bought this for my wife as a "throw in" with more expensive items because it was so cheap.I actualy forgot I even ordered it until it came in. I was pleasantly surprised when she modeled it for me. Unlike a lot of stuff it looks exactly like the picture. She is a size small and it fit perfect. This not something most would wear out however as its insanly short which is great for me. The only thing that could improve this piece is a matching thong which is hard to find in lime green so maybe black would be a better choice if your trying to match things up
This is an amazing product. I bought one of these along with another swaddle product that did not have the sleepsack feature. believe me, there is no comparison. not only is the Halo product made better, and is more durable and holds the baby better, but it is a 2 in 1 so that you can use it as a sleepsack by itself too. I trust this company because the product is recommended by the SIDS society. I don't have to worry that my baby is going to wriggle out of the swaddle, because he is so secure in it.
These shoes are great!  My daughter tried to talk me into giving them to her.  Quick Delivery.  Good Quality
Great delivery & of a quality product and the speedy service is one reason i still use amazon today is b/c of sellers and products like this 2 thumbs up !
Just got them in the mail today. As other kenneth cole reaction shoes, it runs one size larger. I'm usually a 12 but I ordered an 11 and they fit just right. These boots look great with jeans. The color is a bit darker than the one shown in the photograph.
I had the opportunity of wearing these for my husband before I left for the west coast and my annual visit with my friends and our second annual lingerie party. My hubby couldn't believe I'd wear something like this, but boy oh boy, he didn't object. He couldn't take his eyes off my, well you can just imagine what it was he couldn't take his eyes off of
I purchased one of these cases for my sister-in-law, and she liked it so much, that I bought one for me too.  I really like it and would recommend it to anyone wanting a great carrying case for their DS Lite.
The vendor that shipped both of the cases did a great job of a quick shipment of a case that met all expectations.  I would purchase from them again without hesitation
This bag is perfect as a commuter bag on my bike.  The cell phone pocket is very accessible and the bag is large enough to hold a change of clothes, but not so large everything gets lost inside
these are so great, and keep my baby's feet warm.  She even slept with them on with no problem.  She's been a master at getting her socks off up until now.  They also protect her feet as she is starting to stand and was breaking toenails.  She's chewing on the toes but I haven't seen any scuff marks yet, so they are holding up very well
robeez are the only brand of shoes we even bother to use. they are well made and do not come off by accident or when baby tries to get them off! we've tried all of the other generic brands and they all come off, but not these. its worth it to spend the extra $$ on these shoes. and they're so well made they'll last for baby #2
I love the look. Even my friends complement it. And the wedges are so LIGHT! But you got to stick to your size. I couldn't find size 8.5 so I bought size 9 instead which was a big mistake.
Swimsuit very cute - size as stated (16 = 20/22)  Bra did not have enough support for me so I wear a matching sports bra with it and it works very well.  I love it
i love these shoes, they are totally cute. the only draw back is they are kinda like satin over paper. they aren't as soft as i thought they would be, but i great buy none the less. 
I just love different and odd things. I love to give people gifts that no one else have.Thanks
I GOT THESE CAUSE I AM PREGNANT AND TRYING TO FIND CLOTHS THAT FIT IS KINDA HARD BUT WITH THESE I DON'T HAVE A PROBLEM BECAUSE IT HAS ADJUSTABLE SNAPS FOR THE WAST
This item was durable, warm, the right size as advertised and the right price.
I didn't want to pay over $50 for a sports bra, but I really wanted a good product and the reviews promised that. So I shelled out the dough for one and they were right! It fits snug so there's no unwanted bouncing and it also prevents uni-boob. I ordered a different sports bra from Champion and this is by far my favorite of the two. The Champion one pushed my boobs in so much it made that ugly boob bump above the bra line that's visible in light t-shirts - ew - and they're supposed to be the same bra size so go figure.  More positives: this one also fastens securely (just start from the bottom and work your way up, it will fit!) and is super, super comfortable. I do wish the price were less so I could buy a second, but I'll have to put that in my budget.  Nevertheless, as a wannabe runner with a large chest, it was worth the investment in comfort and security
Pros:
Ultra Fast delivery w/package tracking. Item was shipped within a few hours of order. Suit is in great condition and I like the color.
Cons:
When they say grab bag...that means the suit may or may not look like the picture. Mine turned out to be a blue stripped jammer...which is cool with me cause I actually wanted a blue jammer. Just be prepared
Quick service for a shoe that has been discontinued and hard to find in a size 8/black.  No complaints.. great service.  great price
This is the only shoe I wear for High Impact Jazzercise classes four+ times per week.  I have a wide, flat foot and this shoes fit me perfectly.  And with boot cut jazz pants, they look great! 
A very cool product, it got me a lot of attention on 3/22/07 at the OU student Union. At first, it was hard to work. but now, I can even spin!!!
I always wear them to my mom's office
These are hands down my favorite pair of jeans. I'm 5'5" and they are just the right length to wear with tennis shoes and midheight heels.  The stretch fabric hugs in all the right places, and the cut is slimming. 
well i bought these shoes after reading the good reviews it had got. And i was not to be disappointed. They are really awesome!! They are real comfy and fit perfectly for every sport i play. I even wear them to office sometimes ;) Though after wearing them for a long stretch of time, i did feel something in my right ankle but it was temporary and maybe that is why i dont want to rate it full 5 star. But they are worth every single penny i spent on them.
If you want to get good shoes which not only feel great but look good too, look no furthe
I LOVE my soft and comfortable green robe that I received last year for Mother's Day! Whenever I wear it, I want to just relax with a magazine or watch TV, and then fall asleep in it. The matching green slippers complete the feel, and I really feel pampered. I never knew I could feel SO good wearing a robe, especially since I was not really a robe wearer before receiving this wonderful plush robe! This is such an excellent product and great gift!
I absolutely love these shoes.  I have a very high arch and I am a hard heel-striker.  Needless to say that finding a comfortable shoe for my difficult feet has been a real chore.  These shoes have plenty of cushion in the heel and yet also support my arches.  However, I did put an extra arch support insert in (did I mention I have really high arches?) but didn't get the usual "crowding" effect which was wonderful. I've bought lots of shoes that were supposed to be right for my type of foot but after running in them had to eventually give them away.  These shoes were honestly perfect right out of the box, I've been walking/jogging/running in these babies for over a month now with no problems whatsoever. I plan on buying several pairs of these before somebody decides to "improve" them and changes something.  Boy do I hate it when I finally find a shoe I like and then the company decides to 'improve it' and screw up a really great shoe (bitter much? gee not me)  
I also received the shoes in less than a week and that is a miracle where I live.  Good service all around.  Hope this helps someone else.
This is the absolute best sport bra made. I have been running 5 miles or more 5 times a week for over 20 years and once I discovered this particular model I have never switched back. The Champion also lasts wash after wash without losing it's shape. Unfortunately these great bras never seem to go on sale
These shoes are proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy
I had been on the look out for a Mary Jane pump that I could wear to work with pants and skirts. I finally found this shoe online and decided to give it a try. Usually Steve Madden's run big on me, so I got a size smaller, and surprisingly, it was actually too small. A half size up did the trick, however.
I love that it comes in patent leather because it really adds a kick to your feet. They're also very comfortable for a high-heeled shoe.
My only complaint is that the show is actually very deep on the top, and there's quite a bit of toe cleavage. I guess this isn't necessarily a bad thing, it just didn't look like that at all in the picture. Also, the strap that goes across the top of the foot is very low, and if you have wide feet, it could make your feet look even wider (or fatter). 
Despite those two small flaws, I really like this shoe and find that I can wear it with almost anything (they look especially cute with skirts)
We bought this for our 13 month old for Christmas and she loves it. It is extremely soft. Her favorite part is the cell phone that rings. The compact also squeaks. I love that it is all soft so that she cannot hurt herself with it. This is a perfect gift for a 1-year-old girl
These are very good quality slippers, comfortable & well worth the price.
These shoes are durable, comfortable, and most importantly come in different widths.  Most other athletic shoe manufacturers apprarently don't make anything but D width.  New Balance does.
For those of you complaining about width, my guess is that if you size your feet correctly, that problem will go away.  I had always worn a 12D width, until some gentleman at a mom and pop store sized my feet correctly for the first time in my life I found out I need a 13B. You may think you know your feet, but you may not.
As to comfort, I can't complain.  As to durability, maybe they are a little stiffer, but if that is what extends the life of these shoes over the others, that is well worth it in my book
This is a fabulous find! My husband loves henley shirts...but, they have to be just the right fabric weight and sleeve length. After many failed attempts, I finally found the perfect shirt. Great look, great feel and most importantly my husband likes it too
Nice to put on after a long day of work or after being outside shoveling the snow .Do reccomend
Comfortable. If elastic waist degrades over time (not known yet, but has happened to other pajamas), there is no back-up draw-string. As with all flannel PJs, easily tangles with flannel sheets
The zipper wallet is a product with a practical idea that is long overdue . It is a known fact tha all leather wallets stretch resulting in important items such as credit cards and drivers lisence, etc. slipping out, making identity  theft a serious possibilty.
 The zipper wallet avoids this from happening. Ironicly, this item is not available at local stores.I encourage everyone to try this product and see for yourself how useful it is in the everyday world  
                                  Yours Truly ; Joe Alvare
I bought a pair of these in tortoise and really love them!  They fit great, they arrived in great condition and very quickly.  The rhinestones are really blingy in the sun!  I am buying a pair in black for my best friend who is in love with them also.  Very cute for the price
If you have the body to show for it, by all means wear it alone
I bought these shoes for my 23 month old son. We needed something comfortable with a flexible sole, but with enough thickness in the sole to stand up outside and provide traction. They are excellent shoes and he loves them. He won't wear anything else and the shoes receive many compliments
We just had our son in January and we couldn't resist these cute little shoes. Even though he's only 3 months old we can't wait to see our little guy in them. What a well made product!
These shoes are stunning, original and over-the-top beautiful. I just can't understand the review regarding the point of the shoe being too pointy?? Square-toe shoes are soooo late 90-s and these shoes are anything, but "mosquito hunters". They have a perfect narrow shape, with an interesting mix of fabrics and a PERFECT toe for the current late decade of 2000. Trust me, with 117 pairs in my exploding New York closet these have ended up at the front. I'm picking up the black ones as I'm writing this. Enjoy them....I know you as well as your better half will!
Good color visibility; nicely structured with warmth applicable to the unspeakable and inhuman frigidites of the amerikan North.
The hat fits snugly and will evoke a positive commentary now and again. 
I have ordered Maroon but will likely add some other color choice, as the array is rather impressive. For an 100 % acrylic knit, this is not a bad hat; the only problem perhaps being that it sucks up hairs very easily, almost as if it were a hair-vacuum machine.
They shipped these almost overnight. My daughter was a perfect little flower girl; No trips, no blisters, and they've held up great over the past 9-10 months with great durability for dance and lots of play. She was a size 10 at the time of the wedding, but the shoes were a 9? Her feet were fine. She can still squeeze into them now, and she's an 11. Very pleased. Good value. These are the exact shoes
Now, I'm a pretty picky guy when it comes to certain things in life and one of those items just happens to be Backpacks. I spent about two months searching for a new one until I finally came across this particular model. I'll start with by saying that I love this damn thing. It has plenty of space, a whole bunch of extra cords that I suppose a hiker would use but I think just look nice, and its very durable (which is a must for me since everything I own will take a beating). I'm telling you straight from the horse's mouth, this Backpack is worth the money. Now if it only came as an 18 slot..
It is exactly what I was looking for. I had no problems ordering or receiving it. I got to my house quickly. Nothing is wrong with it
The PJ bottoms were soft and of good quality material. However, I ordered the extra large, and they were very small for that size.  It seemed as though the XL was more a Med/Large.  I would also think that "lounge pants" or "PJ bottoms" would be a bit bigger as you wouldn't want these types of pants too tight.  They were a gift, so I just hope they don't shrink after washing! 
These are the best windproof liner gloves out there.  I freaked out thinking they had discontinued them because I thought they were made of Gore Windstopper and couldn't find any that said "made with Gore Windstopper" but actually it's Polarguard Windbloc.  In any case, when you freak out becuase you think you might not be able to get something again you realize just how much you like that thing. 
These are totally windproof.  Extremely compact, I don't think you can make them any thinner than this.  Good price.  
The only "downside" is that they take a long time to dry out when they get wet.  This is true of any windproof glove so it's really not fair to call it a down side of this particular glove.  These weigh nothing (probably about an ounce each) and so I pack two or three pairs if I know I'll be getting them wet. 
I wear these ice climbing, hiking, mountaineering, I have a pair I cut the finger tips off of for rock climbing in winter, and I wear them skiing inside of my mittens. 
These really shine inside of mittens because if you have to do anything with your hands the mitten must come off and these completely protect your hands from the wind during that time.  I haven't had cold hands skiing for two seasons now, a problem that plagued me for years. 
I can't recommend these enough.  
-Scott
This is such a wonderful pair of gloves. They are light and easily portable. They can be folded and stored in one's pockets. They have features that enable use of one's index fingers and thumbs for fine operations such as turning minute knobs. The synthetic materials comprising these gloves also make them very protective against harsh weather (especially wind and rain). I am now able to run outside in icy wind despite the fact that my hands freeze more easily than anyone's elses
These are hot, Hot, HOT!  Will be buying them in other colors.  My guy went NUTS
  The product is in good condition when it was shipped. The quality is good. Thank you.
I bought these for my husband.  He went riding in 45ish degree weather and his hands stayed warm.  He was very happy with them and I will be buying a pair for myself !
I purchased this robe for my boyfriend as a Christmas gift... And I wish I would have purchased one for myself as well! This robe is made of the softest, warmest materials, but is extremely light-weight, unlike most robes. "Luxurious" is the perfect adjective.
These boots are warm and comfortable, like my sheepskin slippers.  My feet are toasty, even when it's freezing outside.  They have a thicker sole than some other styles, which makes this boot great for walking in snow and ice.  I love the warm brown of the chestnut.  They look great!  At 50% off, the price was great, too
I did order half size up because of other reviews and the length is perfect.  However, the unisex width is way too wide for me.  I have a pair of Ugg men's Ultimate and they are not as wide.  
Overall, I still think Uggs are a little better and more comfortable
Most sneakers these days come in two varieties--they're huge athletic clod-hoppers for teenieboppers, or they're white keds or orthotic shoes for old ladies.
This sneaker is the best compromise on the market today.  It's youthful without being for the young.  Light-weight, low-profile, wide enough for a thick sock, and it'll get you compliments everywhere you go.
My first pair is in black, and wow, they are stylish.  Today I wore them out shopping, and my back started hurting before my feet did.  My one objection is this supposedly 'squishy' foot bed.  I don't know if my shoes were missing that part or what, but I found the sole to be hard and inflexible.  They were still _comfortable_ but it wasn't like putting your feet on pillows or anything.
If you do prefer a squishier footbed, I recommend a thin insert, so as not to squish your toes.  I'm not sure if they would perform well for athletics--I'm going to be saving mine for errands and casual nights out, but I want these in every color
the only thing better than these sunglasses is the customer service i got, after i dropped and broke the lenses on these i called 80's Purple and they actually sent me out a replacement free of charge. i was blown away
This was just what I was looking for and couldn't find in local
retail stores.  Fits perfectly in my wallet and now my credit
cards don't fall on the ground in stores!  Reasonable price also.
Excellent product
I have to tell anyone, who has lower back or foot pain, to try a pair of Merrells.  When you try them on, they feel comfortable, but once you wear them for a week, you'll never wear another brand of footwear (unless you have to).  Most of their shoes need no "break in" time.  I own these in four different colors.  My eldest daughter owns two pairs of these. I own more than 20 pairs of Merrells, I have been wearing these for years.  The cool thing about them is, when you see someone else wearing a pair, it's like you're both in on a secret.  You know, you're walking in heaven
.....and they are very comfortable, Quality seems to be better than the last Unlisted shoe I purchased elsewhere. Haven't polished them yet so I can't say anything about that
This merchant really delivers with this item - In the stores, this is almost twice the price.  I really wasn't expecting such quality from this item (Yes, it's Crushed Velvet, so not warm, but warm wasn't the goal). Would definitely recommend this item, and may buy another color for myself
At first I had my heart set on a different cloak, but when it was no longer available I decided to go with this one. I am very pleased that I was not disappointed. This cloak looks and feels beautiful. It has a nice button closure at the neck, and for those that are petite it is floor length. This cloak is just what I was looking for to add a last minute touch to my Halloween costume. It is very comfortable and soft, no itchy feel here
I bought these in black and got a ton of compliments as soon as i started wearing them... however I recommend you wear these with sheer stockings or something because they gave me a blister the size of Mt. Everest, ouch
This item arrived on time and the quality was great. This bodysuit makes a great gift idea for "baby" - it's just how I expected it would be
I got this shirt when it was on sale for $10 so I snatched it up quickly. I like the shirt a lot. It is very pretty on. Order the size that you normally wear. I made the mistake of ordering a large instead of a Medium. The shirt is way to big. So maybe even order a size smaller because it is just a bigger shirt.
This is a great bra for any mother that is looking for a nursing bra!  I live in the US and had a terrible time finding this bra in any store or anywhere on line.  It's a fabulous bra. It's very comfortable, washed up nicely and provides great support.  This is our second child and I wish I had these with the first
This belt is seriously great.  I ordered it and it arrived 3 days later, exactly as the seller described.  I'm not sure what the previous review was all about, but my belt is great.  I love how I can use interchangeable buckles with it
These are my single favorite pair of underwear. Not your typical jock but much more comfortable and stylish. I'm in the military so at first I thought "thongs are not for "real men" but after wearing these I found they are, and a lot more guys wear thongs and jocks than you realize. I wear these for every day activivties, sports, work, and leisure. There isn't much fabric so they're great under jeans and my girlfriend thinks there sooo sexy. After wearing them for a while it's like nothing is there because they support you only where you need it. If you've never owned a thong, I think you should give these a shot.I definately recomend the 2xist Y back thong
I Just want to make something clear...the windbreaker is NOT Prada, the tag reads MIU MIU, a very good brand, but definetely not Prada.  I found out it looks better when it is layered with a dark jacket.  I layered it with a black Yohi Yamamoto jacket and it looked just perfect... 
Got this for my teen as an alternative to a bathrobe.  She loves it - nice & warm, pretty pink color.  They run small-she usually takes a medium -got her a large.  She could have used an XL.  Sleeves are a bit short.  She likes the look & the zip front
These are some very nice shoes. I love the blue and black ones. These really should get some more publicity because the are better than all other basketball shoes. They are also very comfortable. If you want to get some high quality shoes for a good price, get T-Macs!!!!!!!!!!
I have been searching for the perfect ped sock, not too thick, not so thin it slides off your heel and, most importantly, COTTON.  My search is over.  This is by far the best sock ever.  Great with sneakers AND closed in shoes.
Yes beautiful people I too own this shoe and it is fun and sexy.  I didn't think at my age I could wear such a high wedge heel however, I was wrong and thankful to be so.  This is a fun shoe which looks great on.  I have it in the gold and I love wearing them out and about
Great price - aprons are perfect for my mom.  She just recently suffered a stroke and I needed inexpensive aprons to easily put over her head for when she eats that look nice and does the job.  The Company sent them out right away; would order again. Just wish they had more colors and designs to choose from.  I order two packages, with 3 in each package
I love this bra ... just the right amount of support.  Order arrived 4 days before expected ... woo hoo!!
I like adidas brand and this is a great shirt for working out or whatever. It is comfortable and well worth it
To echo another reviewer:
I am a heavy runner with high (semi-flexible) arches and a neutral stride, running 20-35 miles per week. Even though my strides are consistent in terms of length, pronation,and heal-to-toe gait, I tend to have very heavy footfalls (being a former sprinter with muscular legs)and need a well-cushioned shoe.
I am training for the Boston Marathon and have tried Asics Gel Kayanos (the shoe designed for the "clydesdale type" runner), a pair of Adidas Adistars (the newest model is a very good shoe but didn't fit my wider foot properly), and some various pairs of New Balance (least favorites of the bunch) but the Mizuno Wave 7's are by far the most natural feeling, durable, light-weight, cushioned (without being bulky) shoe I have ever owned. I have now owned two of the Wave Creation 7's and a pair of the older Wave Creation 6's and put a lot of miles on these shoes: they consistently hold up mile after mile better than any of the other shoes out there. The Gel Kayanos are the only shoe remotely comparable but I found that they break down far to fast for distance running (and they are slightly heavy). That and the Mizuno's were comfortable from the first step and did not require any breaking which is very rare. I am confident I could switch to a new pair a week before a marathon and hardly notice a difference.  
I would not only highly recommend this shoe to anyone with medium to heavy footfalls and a high arch but I endorse it as the only shoe I will buy as long as the line continues.
This is an excellent bra.  In addition to being sexy, it is also quite functional.  It defines one's individual breast shape well and it offers maximum support.  This particular bra comes in a pretty peach color and a beautiful black.  
Chantelle bras are made according to French standards.  You get a somewhat larger cup and the band size is not as long.  Still, it's an excellent bra
For years, I wore Asics. The GT, the Cumulus, the Nimbus. But I have to say, if you're fan of any Asics shoes named after clouds, you should try the Trigon 4. Very similar, but cheaper. Also they did not joke when they called it the Ride. It has a very smooth transition and insane cushion, but a little more support than Asics for those who are neutral gait yet a tad wanting in stabilization without all the weight. A big thumbs (toes?) up
I have had a pair of these for several years; they were an incredibly lucky find. They're *extremely* comfortable, better than many pairs of sneakers I've tried on. They've worn very well, and I'd say they're well made: I've only had to replace the shoelaces once. A bit of polish, some Kiwi leather cleaner and protector for water, and they're perfect. Trust me, you can walk for miles in them, and they look great, I think. A great purchase. If you're looking for a pair of dress shoes, and nervous about buying them without trying them on, well... my feet love them. Don't know how far that will carry yours, but there's my two cents. Excellent
I was very, very pleased with the sailor outfit that included a very nicely made hat.  It fit perfectly and was ahit with Mom and Dad upon seeing him at the airport on their arrival home from being deployed for 6 months.  I found this same outfit about 25.00 more on other sites and so you can't do better on this buy
This is a well made rugged coat. Sort of a North Face/ Mountain Hardware coat for the farm/ ranch. 
Not a summer coat too heavy!!! The next model needs to have pit zips!
I have several jackets. They are well made, warm and I wouldn't wear any other. Long lasting and look good with anything
These shoes are adorable and perfect for summer!! I love mine!!
The only negative thing is that they are wide. I have normal size feet and ordered my regular shoe size. They fit length wise but are very spacey width wise
These boxers are much nicer than the photos suggest. I was pleasantly surprised. I was trying to replace a pair I had accidentally washed in the washing machine (a no-no with this fabric). Turns out the replacements were twice the quality of what I had originally purchased. I will probably be purchasing more. 
Your wife will thank you for buying these. Excellent quality, and softer than satin. My only complaint is that the fly tends to fall open sometimes, because it's made without a fastener. The idea is for a sleeker feel, but it sacrifices security. Love 'em anyway
This is really a great item, very comfortable.  I would have no problem wearing them for more than girlfriend if the opening was not so loose.  Great for the intended purpose though
Minimzer is correct, I bought this bra in a 38DDD and it made me look more like a D or DD. It lifted and minim1zed my breasts. My only complaint is that the cup was rounded but the lining made a barely noticeable point. If you want your breasts to appear one or two sizes smaller then this is the bra for you.
These are the coolest things ever made. I have been searching for a product like this forever and I could only find what used to be called &quot;lingerie helpers&quot; from the 50's or 60's (I think) which didn't quite do the job.  No more buying those &quot;speciality&quot; bras that cost a bundle or those racerbacks that didn't quite fit right. I just put these on my favorite bra and don't even know it is there.  Now there is no excuse for me to ever see anyones bright pink bra straps peeking out from their shirts. I am just jealous that the woman who invented it is going to make millions and I am not!!!
These are lightweight cotton thermals at a good price.  I wear a Large in most shirts and the Large size for these fits snug, especially after a wash, which is how I like it for wearing as an undershirt.  If you're buying for outerwear, you might consider going a size larger. Shipping wasn't 'Amazon Quick' but it was reasonable - about a week if I remember right
The slippers are great; comfortable and good quality. Just like the pair I purchased in Lake George a few years ago. Buying them online was so convenient
I absolutely love this suit, my only downfall is it runs big so order one size down
Very comfortable and sexy. Hanky Panky is the standard in comfortable lace
This suit is exactly what I ordered -- small enough for training/racing but not as small as a "traditional" Speedo suit
I got it on size 32 because I usually get my pants on size 32. The bathing suit was too tight. I'll get in on size 34 next time
I do roofing work & work outside on the hotest days. I had problems with heat rash & jock itch. My boss suggested I wear loose fitting all cotton boxers like most of the crew. I asked around & picked up some HANES all cotton boxes. WOW - what a difference -- they feel great. No binding when I work - the cotton does give a bit as you wear them. Now they are the only underwear I will wear. They do shrink a bit after washing - so do get a size up 
THIS WAS AT 1OTH BIRTHDAY GIFT FOR MY SON.
WE ARE CALIFORNIA TRANSPLANTS LIVING IN TEXAS, AND NO ONE HERE, AT THE TIME, HAD ANY IDEA THAT KOBE HAD EVEN CHANGED HIS NUMBER FROM 8 TO 24. IT WAS A NIGHTMARE (AND A LOT OF DRIVING AROUND) TRYING TO FIND KB'S 24.
I FOUND IT ON YOUR SITE AND THE PRODUCT WAS JUST WHAT I EXPECTED, NO SURPRISES.  MY SON LOVES IT!
A great bargain!  Saved 50% over buying separately.  Good quality.  Very satified
These boots are a little bit on the snowboarder side of things as far as the way they look. The fit is right on and they are very warm and dry. i love them! They are very easy to just pull on and tuck your jeans into. Highly recommended
I only use the protective case/skin, not the armband or belt clip.  I primarily wanted protection for the screen, which this provides.  The screen protector and skin fit perfectly and were easy to apply.  I can easily access all ports and manipulate all controls with them applied/installed.  I have not used the armband, but it looks pretty sturdy.  I paid $18.90 for this item including $5.95 shipping
I bought a pair for my wife and she told me how warm her feet were while wearing them so I decided to buy a pair for myself. I wear them without socks as they are so warm and comfortable--i think wearing socks w/ these shoes would get a little too warm for my feet.
My new Shoe Wallet is even better than I expected!  It securely fastens to my running shoe; holds my key, emergency cash, and identification; and most importantly, serves as a safe place for my iPod Sport Sensor.  Best of all, my iPod works efficiently and accurately in the Shoe Wallet without my purchasing Nike-branded shoes.
I'm a very happy consumer!
This is a fine leather bag, beautiful, comfortable! 
I bought on the mfr website and saved the shipping. Its a wonderful product of quality and craftsmanship!
A must have
Everyone loved me in these glasses for our "Old Fashioned Banquet"!  They completed my outfit, great price and a speedy delivery - which I really needed
GOT THIS FOR MY WIFE, WELL REALLY FOR ME.AND BOY OH BOY DID
I ENJOY SEEING HER WALK AROUND THE HOUSE IN THIS ALL WEEKEND..
THANKS AMAZON
Very comfortable and durable.  I would wear these outside - although not for a long walk, but the sole is durable enough for walking to the mailbox or taking the dog for a brief jaunt.  I recommend these if you are looking for an inexpensive and durable slipper
I received these slippers for Christmas in December 2005. I got the Pine green, a very nice looking slipper with lots of comfort. I am ordering another pair in Charcoal, as I want 2 pairs to have at both places I live. It's all about comfort for me when I am home, so these fit the bill. Good value as well
THESE ARE THE SOFTEST - MOST COMFORTABLE FLIPS FLOPS I HAVE FOUND IN YEARS!   YOU CAN'T BEAT THE PRICE EITHER
Our son love this pair of shoes, he wears it to church or just to a party. He said that they are nice and comfy he can run with them because the have rubber soles. WE think that they are elegant as well. WE give 5 stars for them!! Very Good
We ordered this product, and paid for expedited shipping.  8 days later, it had not arrived.  Their explanation was that it was 2 day shipping from the day of shipping, but it still took 3 days to get around to shipping.  The backpack missed the giftee, and it had to be shipped again to catch up to her
I buy these shoes in bulk as they are so good.  I have high arches and these shoes are the only ones that have never given me any trouble.  I am now on my 3rd pair and use them for my marathon training and running
My first pregnancy I tried several styles of belts, most of which had a wide band in back. I am short, have a short midriff, and am overweight, so wider belts would roll from the top down.  I never had that problem with this belt.  Unfortunately, this pregnancy I am entering my 3rd trimester and have finally out grown the 1X belt, and the store I purchased it from is now closed.  I was thrilled when I found this on Amazon.com in a larger size.  
I recommend making it little snug in the mornings and then loosening it throughout the day as needed.  The most appealing feature for me is that this band is completely adjustable to give you the support you need for the different activities you will be doing throughout the day.  Any time you start needing the extra support, just slightly tighten the side straps.  When you start relaxing or if the belt starts feeling a little tight, just loosen it up a bit.  It's quick and easy to work with, and if one side needs more support than the other, just make that one side a bit more snug.  It's AWESOME!
I am a technology education specialist, so I'm on my feet for, many times, 16 hrs a day training and supporting hospitals with their new computer programs.  I couldn't have survived even my First Trimester without this belt.  I raise it a little higher in the back so that I have complete lower back support and belly support.  There were days when I forgot to wear my belt that I almost couldn't walk after only 4 hrs of work due to lower back pain that would eventually extend down to my fanny and legs.  My legs would litterally give out from underneath me until I could rub and relax my lower back for a while.  When you are working with doctors in the surgery room or doing rounds with them this is NOT a good thing.  As long as I wore my belt, I NEVER had a problem.  
I strongly recommend this product
I've been pregnant or nursing for most of the last 4 years and I've tried a LOT of different nursing bras.  I got this one several months ago and absolutely love it.  I've been reasonably happy with the Bravado line in general -- they hold up very, very well, stay comfortable, and remain supportive over time-- but I just wasn't fond of the sports bra styling of their original one.  I am often between bra sizes (between 34 and 36, between B and C cups, depending on the maker) and due to a habit of nursing more on the right side than the left, often have one breast larger than the other.  The 36C fits me very comfortably with no noticeable bunching,lines, or that nasty "spillover" when it's been too long between feedings.  I wear fairly fitted cotten shirts just about every day of the year so it's really important to me to have a bra that fits smoothly.  The only other nursing bra that I've found that works as well under t-shirts is a Mimi brand one that it costs just about as much, but doesn't hold its shape for very long.  Basically, this is a comfortable bra that is easy to use and will last
Although I prefer Jockey, these Hanes Bikini Briefs are great and I plan to order more. Great value. I also bought Fruit of the Loom but in my opinion the Hanes have a much nicer fuller cut, The Fruit of the Loom are for youngsters with tiny butts. The reason I didn't buy Jockey is they're too expensive
Im in the military and run quite abit about 20 miles or more a week Ive had these shoes for a while now and I have to say they are the best Ive ever had as far as comfort and durabilty. My current pair is about worn out and I plan to purchase a new pair of the sam
I purchased this bag to take on a tour of Greece and was pretty happy with it.  I loved the size, not to big and not too small, and also the flatness of it.  It was very lightweight and the compartements are easily accessible.  The only problem i had with it is that when you wear it as intended accross your body, the strap tends to rub at the neck, so  I had to keep adjusting it every five minutes.  Overall it was pretty good, though
I have owned and worn this for several months now, and it is very durable AND warm as well! I would just be cautious about the unisex sizing, as I am a Medium sized person (10-12) and it does seem to be a little large, yet I wear it anyways.  Hopefully subsequent washings will tone it down in size
Every time I wear this tie, it always strikes up a good conversation of the way things were, and when cartoons were cartoons.  Also working in a place with a lot of kids, they tend to be more at ease when they see me with this on.  I've had this tie for 3 years now, high quality, and does not stain really easy (at least for me, great quality).  Only downfall, a little dated with a 32 cent stamp.  Kids don't notice, and neither do most adults.  Worth picking up, great price
These boots look good with everything from jeans to skirts. Because they are real leather, I was expecting to have to break them in before they were comfortable - but it only took a few wearings before I could wear them all day with a lot of walking and no sore feet. Didn't have any problem with them fitting my calves. I had that problem with other boots I have tried before. Even if you don't consider the great price for all leather boots, they are wonderful buy
The boot is beautiful, but because my feet are wide they are uncomfortable to break in. The price is reasonable.  Hope to wear soon
awesome handling while balling on this shoe. Great grip on the court and I especially like the pump on the shoe that you press to fit the shoe to how you want it on your feet
Great fit, lightweight. These are very snug and allow for maximum mobility for quicker players who do a lot of cutting and fast movement. Support strap is not too tight which is good, and actually serves a purpose
Let me assure anyone who is even remotely thinking of buying these shoes..........DO IT! They are not only beautiful but as high as they are, they are extremely comfortable. The detail is way more beautiful in person as they are on the website. My favorite shoe of the summer
These socks are just what I was looking for, a thin cotton blend to wear running.  No bunching and they breath very well.  The price and timliness of the order was also great
I'd been shopping for a pair of running shoes and have tried on various brands.  These shoes surpassed others in fit, support, and comfort.  I'm so glad Kayano comes in wide sizes, because it fits my feet PERFECTLY!  I highly recommend!   
Have always been pleased with this manufactures product. The company I purchased from was fair priced and very efficient
Munsingwear is definitely the most comfortable, best fitting men's brief I have ever worn
These were really easy for my little girl to put on herself. They were well make and very light weight. I like the ridges in the surface and hope they will help keep her feet dry and prevent the shoes from getting super stinky
I picked this sucker up for $30 from Fred Meyer, after they made it clear that they had no other options available for charging my iPod from my computer (I was on vacation with no cord and a dead battery). I was only expecting it to last throughout the vacation, but I've been using it ever since.
I keep the car charger in my car, with no extra cables to burden it, and I keep the wall charger plugged into the wall. The cable retracts easily, with a design much like that of a window blind (pull until you let go, where it locks, and then pull a bit more and let go to release).
It's a small, unobtrusive, and incredibly convenient device for your iPod, and at this price, it's a steal. You'd pay two or three times this at some electronics stores for the wall charger or car charger alone, let alone one that is so solidly constructed.
No question -- if you own an iPod, purchase this product. I was impressed enough to come and write this review -- perhaps you will be too
I really like the Speedo suit.  I wear two swim suits, the Speedo and a larger "drag" suit over it.  I've done this since my days on the swim team.  The chlorine in the water tends to weaken the seams on my suit over time, causing the drag suit to self-destruct eventually.  Having the Speedo prevents any embarrassing moments.  The fit and material is good and it holds up very well - this is the first replacement I've needed in years.  
If you are husky, this might be a tight fit.  I wear a 42-44 pant size and this is on the snug side. 
Well constructed blazer. Great color. You can wear with jeans or shirt and tie for church.
LOVE,LOVE,LOVE Gerber products and these are no exception. Great quality and they are so soft. The only thing is that the 0-3mths are a little small so you may want to consider starting with the 3-6
When I saw in a magazine that Croc was making a style of their shoes that was NOT UGLY, I literally went the same day to Dillard's to get a pair for myself! They are unbelievably comfortable - it feels like you're standing on clouds!
The Amazon listing doesn't show all the colors that they come in: light pink, silver, gold, celery, lavender, light blue, white, black and fuschia. All the colors are really adorable, and I had a hard time deciding!
I have also had issues with sizing, just as other reviewers have had. I usually wear a 7.5 Wide in women's shoes, but when I tried on the Primas in an 8, they were ridiculously big, and when i tried them on in a 7, they were a tad too snug. I really wish they made half sizes. I ended up buying the 7, even though it was a little small, but I read about a great trick to help mold the shoes to my feet, that works like a charm: throw them in the clothes dyer for two minutes on medium heat, then pull them out, and while they are toasty warm, immediately put them on your feet and wear them for about a half hour, and voila, they will now fit perfectly!
Grade: A-
Overall I'm happy with the skin. It fits the Treo 700 very closely. This was custom formed for every curve, bump, and button on the Treo. My one complaint is they advertise it as compatible with the 700w and 700p. I should have paid more attention to the pictures and thought about it. The 700w and p, if you don't know, are almost identical except for the buttons just below the screen. The button layout is the same, but they different icons and purposes. Well, the skin has images on the button covers for the 700w, not the 700p. Not a huge deal, just a slight annoyance. I'm going to see if there's a way to remove these somehow
Great service.  The shoes were just what I wanted.  I highly recommend these walking shoes because they are light weight and comfortable
This set is guaranteed to make your partner stop and take notice!  Plus, you will enjoy wearing this silky, sensuous set to liven up your evening.  The fit is fantastic.  Not much is left to the imagination
Plugged into Ipod and guess what! Audio and video came out the other end! A little spendy but what can ya do
These boots are GORGEOUS! I got such an awesome deal on these boots; I searched online for about an hour to find another website that has a picture of them! I'll put one up here. They're comfy, rich leather, well made. I've always wanted Frye boots
These are, by far, the most comfortable boots I have ever owned! I am a huge fan of Dansko clogs, and these Frye boots are just as comfortable and sturdy! They run a bit on the large side, about a half size difference. You will love them!!!!
I just got these and love them.  My only complaint is that they pinch/are a little narrow, even though I don't have wide feet or regularly wear wide shoes.  The dark red color is a little deeper than the picture, but that is a good thing if you want to wear these in both winter and summer.  If you're gonna buy red shoes or any other colors available, these are a great choice
The socks were nice but cost too much .  Price a little unreasonable
Calvin Klein provides a fashionable, comfortable underwear. Tight but not too tight, it holds you in place, while not constricting you to a tight position. Excellent, but don't buy them too little
These trunks are great.  The pouch in the front works great in keeping everything together and comfortable.  I drive alot, and these are by far the best underwear I have ever had.
Just be sure to order one size larger than you usually wear, otherwise they will be skin tight (unless you want that)
This mask attached using some Velcro in the rear. 
I love it because it can be removed or put on without taking off my helmet!
At first I had some problems with my glasses fogging up, what I did was just pull it extra tight until the material was very snug with my cheeks. This drastically reduced fogging. I read on another products review that using some medical tape below the eyes would eliminate fogging (on a similar product)
Overall this has been a great buy.
Nic
This bra fits very well (I found it fit very true to size) and offers great support.  I'd much rather pay this price than the outrageous prices I've paid for sports bras in the past that have offered no where near the support.  It has held up well while jogging. 
Very smooth transaction and timely delivery.  First time on-line shoe buyer.  I tried those cute shoes on at a local shoe store and loved them but was not willing to pay high price for them.  I saved about 35% by purchasing here!
This is the best sports bra I've ever had!  I show dogs for a hobby and was always aware that, as I gaited the dog around the ring, I was bouncing!  Now, no more bounce and extreme comfort.  I've had the bras for over 6 months now and they've held up well.  Everyone that I've recommended the bra to has had similar experiences
This is a product that every breastfeeding mother needs to know about. Finally a solution to leaking and a way to sleep without wearing a bra! I've been using lilypadz for about a month now and I must say that I LOVE them. When I started breastfeeding my daughter I was using the traditional round cotton pads that you have to put inside your bra to soak up leaks. I hated them because they look terrible under a snug fitting shirt, they don't always absorb all the liquid, and they can shift out of position leaving you with no protection at all. I assumed it was just a necessary evil to breastfeeding because I didn't know something as wonderful as lilypadz existed!
I have to admit, when I first saw them advertised I was skeptical. I didn't think they would stick, I didn't think they would stay in place, and I thought for sure if they did stick that it would hurt to take them off or they'd leave a tacky residue on my breast. I hestitated for a couple of weeks, wanting to try them, but afraid that I'd spend all that money and end up disappointed. It was one morning after waking up soaked because one of my cotton pads slipped during the night I decided I would risk it and order them. 
When they arrived I read all the instructions and was ready to try them out. Now this is the embarrassing part... in the instructions it specifically says to take them off the plastic dome before using. For some reason I thought they meant take them out of the plastic container. I didn't realize that EACH lilypad was also stuck on a piece of plastic!  When I first tried to put them on I actually tried flipping the entire pad and the plastic dome inside out. (yes it was tough to do too!!) I was frustrated because they obviously didn't stick. I began to think that my fear of them not working was true. Once I realized my stupid mistake, I peeled them off the plastic and tried again. They stuck perfectly!! Try and avoid having the problem I did.. make sure you peel each of them off their little plastic domes. 
I was immediately surprised at how secure they felt. I knew right away that I would be able to wear them to bed and not have to worry about one falling off. My next fear was removing them. I carefully lifted up an edge and peeled one off. I was surprised that even though they stuck securely, they peeled off with ease and without causing pain to my tender breasts. I was estatic! What a great product!!
I have found after using them for about a month that there are pros and cons. However the pros greatly outweigh the cons. This is what I have found...
PROS
------
1) Attaches securely
2) Removes with VERY little or no pain
3) No residue left behind on the breast. Baby can eat as soon as a pad is removed. 
4) Protects tender breasts from rubbing against clothing or sticking to cotton pads. (If you are feeling sore these are a HUGE help.)
5) Secure enough to stay on all night long without wearing a bra. 
6) Washable and reusable
7) Invisible under snug fitting shirts. 
8) When properly applied you will not leak
9) Peace of mind 
10) Quick drying. After cleaning them give them a good shake and you are ready to reapply them (even if they are a bit damp still). No need to buy more than one pair unless you need the peace of mind of a back up. One pair will work and will always be ready to use. 
CONS
-------
1) If not properly applied you might leak. You must be careful to avoid air bubbles and make sure you apply strong pressure to the nipple when putting them on. However, even if you leak - it won't get on your clothes. Instead it pools up around the nipple. It usually stays sealed. You just have to be sure to remove the pad, drain the liquid, rinse them and then reapply properly. One warning, if you have an air bubble and you leak A LOT it is possible for the pad to loosen and pop off spilling milk on you. This has only happened to me maybe twice after a long night of leaking while sleeping. I leaked during the night, woke up and was feeding the baby from one side without checking to see if I had leaked on the other. My milk let down filling the air bubble more and the pad popped off drenching me.
2) If you own cats/dogs... keep them AWAY from the pads when you aren't wearing them. They attract fur like crazy. If they do get furry its OK because it does wash off. Its just a pain in the butt and takes a little extra effort
3) Takes a little more effort to reapply the pad in public (vs shoving a cotton pad back in your bra) but once you get the hang of it, it woudn't even make the con list anymore.
4) I personally don't wear them every day. I'm one of those types that thinks skin should have a chance to breathe a little. I DO wear them every night, but during the day I'll occasionally wear my  cotton pads so my skin can breathe. I'm afraid that I'll end up with thrush or just pruney nipples if I wore them 24/7. I have no evidence to back up the claim - they may work just fine 24/7. I'd say I wear them 3-4 times a week during the day. I will NOT go a night without wearing them though because I hate wearing a bra to bed. 
As you can see the pros outweigh the cons by quite a bit. The cons shouldn't be enough to keep you from trying them yourself. Even if you plan on wearing them only at night they are well worth the cost. If you are like me and you are skeptical - don't be. These really do work and you will be glad that you gave them a try. Every breastfeeding mother should own a pair and I think they would make a WONDERFUL and unique baby shower gift!  
I regained my sanity after getting these. Sooooo much nicer than disposables
Ditto... I bought more of these.
Love the bibs with vinyl backings and absorbant terry fronts... really stops the soakings that happen with little ones who are teething. I bought these for a very low price that couldn't be beat. Nice quality
This is truly a beautiful bag!  I got the classic dark leather, which is exactly the rich brown shown in the pictures.  The leather has a wonderful grain that adds to the bag's character.  The leather is thicker than I expected; while it is by no means stiff, it is not ultra-soft, ultra-thin butter leather.  This is leather that will age well and last for many, many years.  The zippers are matte silver metal so not only do they look great against the brown leather, they'll be durable.  (The other hardware is the same type of matte/antiqued silver.)  The bag is lined with a heavy khaki twill that is just a shade or two lighter than the strap.  The cotton strap not only adds to the bag's uniqueness, it also keeps the bag from sliding when you bend over. (I wear it across my chest like a messenger bag.) Inside there are two small pockets on the divider separating the two sections of the bag.  One is gusseted and works well for a cell phone (or items of a similar size) and the other is suitable only for small flat items such as business cards; I would have really liked for my iPod to snuggle in that second pocket but something that thick won't fit.  The internal sections of the bag are large enough to hold a notebook, file or book but the bag is smaller than most of the other messenger bags I've tried because they were sized for laptops. I actually use it as a purse and it has plenty of room for all of my junk and the ubiquitous book. On the outside, each end of the bag has a pocket that has a vertical row of stitching bisecting it.  This creates 2 tall, thin pockets where I keep pens; it would have been nice if one side didn't have that row of stitching so that it could hold larger items, but that's not a problem for me.  The entire back side of the bag is another zippered pocket.  On the front flap is a small zippered pocket that turns out to be a good home for a cell phone because you can get to it quickly without going into the bag.  The magnetic closure on the flap is sufficiently strong.  There are 2 magnets in the body of the bag and in the flap there is a metal bar running the width of the flap so you don't have to worry about lining up magnets to close the bag.  I've had the bag only a few days and have already received compliments.  Though the bag is pricey, it is obviously crafted with care from high-quality materials.  It also has a very distinctive look.  I am very happy with this purchase and have already added another Diongini bag to my Amazon Wish List
I received the earmuffs I ordered 3 days after I placed the order
The earmuffs are very nice quality and the color was perfect for my daughter
Our son was very pleased to get a leather jacket for Christmas. The proof is in the wearing!  He's been wearing it ever since.  Thanks for the great transaction! 
I love these boots! I got one size smaller than my street shoe and they were snug enough to fit perfect. I can fit pants in them or over them and I have not had a problem yet
HESITANTLY, I ORDERED MY FIRST PAIR OF FOLK READERS; NOW I'M BACK FOR A SECOND PAIR. THEY'RE COMFORTABLE, UNIQUE, WELL-CRAFTED AND THE COMPANY OFFERS EXCELLENT SERVICE - A WINNER
This is a one of a kind handbag.  Great on a night out or just for kicks!  Unbeatable price for such a genuine item.  
Don't have one?
Get One!
http://handbags.freepay.com/?r=27259751
I use these socks for running and they are very well cushioned and comfortable. they also withstand frequent laundry without loosing quality. 
I've been looking for black sport socks for a long time!  Finally, a black comfortable, cushy sport sock of medium thickness.  I'm completely satisfied
I find this store to be very accomodating.  Will definitely shop there again
I am gratefully pleased with product and vendor . . . Very Pleased
I bought this for my daughter.  She is into pink and camo???   Anyway it is a quality product and the daughter just loves it.  What more is there to say
Tops and bottoms are very comfortable and able to keep me comfortably warm at +30F to +40F with regular Dockers and long-sleeve cotton/polyester shirt.  They are lighter and less bulky than their all-cotton longjohn cousins designed for similar temperatures.  They also dry much more quickly.
As with all longjohns I have found on the market in the past forty-plus years, the tops are too short for anyone much taller than 6'(now) or 6'2" (back then).  Sadly, I never see them listed in "Tall Sizes," and, as always before, I have to tuck in the tops or hike up the bottoms over and over and over...to make sure my waist is protected. 
I love the sweatshirt! It came exactly as pictured and in time for me to 
wear it for the Super Bowl
I originally wanted the Orange colored Tsubos, but they were out of stock, so I decided to go with the pickle color. I absolutely love em! The comfort and style are unique and satisfying. It is because of shoes like this I have become a shoe expert of sorts
Seriously, went into the store to find new running shoes, possibly the air 360.  Was wearing shoxs in the store.  Threw them away immediately.  These are the best shoes I've worn in a long while.  I'm one of those ppl that like to take off my shoes as soon as I get home.  I forgot that these were on, they were that comfortable.  I'm a heavy, parttime runner.  Nothing over 5K as I am just starting again.  They support my weight extremely well
Even if you could never see yourself wearing this. Go ahead and get it anyway.
This is great for under the football helmet & for under the motorcycle helmet. Feels good on your head. I have even seen wrestlers wear these under headgear so it must be good for that too. keeps your head dry.
I also wore this under my mask when volunteering @ a haunted house
I have had these boots for one month, winter in Alaska.  I have been climbing a 1,000 foot elevation trail that is about one mile long.  It is winter, the temperatures range from 5F to 25F and the trail is a mixture of ice and snow with a few knife edge ridges of ice.  I am wearing one pair of medium weight SmartWool socks and no gaters.  To date my feet are always warm and dry in these boots.  Lacing alone has prevented snow from coming into the boots.  The lateral support is excellent and better than I expected.  The fit is excellent and I have no slipping inside the boot (yeah!!!).  For my conditions the soles could be slightly more agressive, but they hold well.  My four pint instep crampons have a tendency to slightly roll to the inside...I think because of the shape of the sole at the instep (so I have ordered a set of six point that add 2 to the heel).  Light weight, but strong and sterdy so far.  Felt completely broke in right out of the box.  Not a hint of any blisters going uphill or down.  I would highly recommend them so far
I HAVE NEVER BEEN INTO FULL RIM HATS. I NEEDED ONE FOR THE WORK AND REST I DO SO I GAMBLED ON THIS. I AM VERY HAPPY THAT I DID. IT FITS PERFECTLY, AND ALREADY I HAVE BEEN THROUGH A TWENTY DEGREE DIFFERENCE WITH RAIN, AND BEING A GLASSES WEARER, I CAN SAY I AM DEFINITELY PLEASED. I RECOMMEND THIS HAT FOR ANYONE LOOKING FOR THIS TYPE OF PRODUCT FOR ANY REASON
Tis jacket is super handsome and is very comfortable. The stitching in the sleeve had to be mended but that was an easy fix. GOOD DEAL
I am so in love with these jeans. I made myself a promise that when I buy jeans again, these are definitely the brand jeans I will be purchasing!! I am very pleased with the L.E.I. jeans to the full extent!!
The zipper pulls are somewhat ill-suited for the job, the only way I found to be able to zip the boots up quickly, easily and snuggly was to replace the zipper pull with a key chain
i love these shoes and wear them at least 4 days a week
These are the only semi-affordable bikini briefs I've found that are actually designed with a "pouch", making them the most comfortable on the market (of all the brands I've tried, that is). Unfortunately, they're difficult to locate in typical retail outlets, and you'll probably have to purchase them from an Amazon outlet that has exorbitant shipping charges, but what can I say. I guess it's worth it.
The briefs also run about a size small. I have a 31" waist but the mediums are too small.
These shoes are so light that sometimes I forget I have them on. They are so  comfortable than I don't want to take them off. I have to walk a lot every day and I am not kidding when I said that any other pair of shoes make my feet sore after a few hours of use, but these shoes do the job to perfection. 
I highly recommend them
They are very nice and comfortable. I just advise ordering a size larger than you are used to
I ordered this shirt hoping it matched 5 others I had bought at a store
for my wedding party. I called the company, they explained the shirt in detail. I ordered it and received it promptly, and it was a perfect match.
Thank Yo
I bought my wife the set and she loves it, everything from Figleaves has beed great
I first saw this WebUndies outfit when my friend Sara brought them to our lingerie party and I have to admit, with all the other hot looking stuff there, I didn't have too much hope for these. Well, was I ever wrong. You don't need to be skimpy and revealing to be attractive to your man. These will do the trick. If your guy hasn't been paying you the kind of attention you've been wanting, get a pair of these, wear them to bed like pjs, climb under the covers, roll over pretend to go to sleep. I'm betting he won't let ya
I love these running shoes.  They have a great look and they feel great, too. They fit my feet perfectly
I purchasese the red ones, and I love them. They really go well with many different colors. I was really pleasantly surprised
The Carhartt A110 Cold Weather Merino Wool Socks were a gift for my son.
He has been very happy with them, keeping him very warm in the cold of Wyoming and Colorado.  I would definitely buy another pair for him and maybe for myself
Just received a pair of these Deer Stags from my father, really, never heard of them before.  They are the most comfortable "dress" shoe I have ever worn.  Good for around the office, on the factory floor or in the field.  Slip resistant too
The New Balance Men's M587 Running Shoe has been an excellent running shoe.  It has a built in rollbar that prevent shin-splints and the shoes are extremely comfortable to run-in.  I have been buying this shoe for over four years and two deployments to Iraq.  I recommend this shoe to any runner that runs 4-5 times a week. 
HAD TO SEND BACK THE FIRST PAIR BECAUSE I NEEDED A BIGGER SIZE. RECEIVED THE SECOND PAIR AND CREDIT FOR THE FIRST PAIR PROMPTLY. THIS PAIR IS JUST RIGHT!!! WILL DEFINATELY
ORDER AGAIN. THANKS
These are the best slippers I have ever owned!!! They cradle your feet in super soft memory foam. When I get home from work everyday, I slide my feet into them and am instantly relaxed. I love these slippers!!! The best ever... after much wear, I will buy another pair!
No Complaints. Everything ran smoothly. I recommend this seller and this product to everyone. They are absolutely great, and they were exactly as described/pictured
This jacket is well-made, stylist and goes with a range of skirts and slacks. Great addition to a professional wardrobe
These are nice sweatshirts.  Good quality and the prices is half what you might pay for a Champion brand.  It is oversized so order your normal size and don't count on much shrinkage
I am technically a 32JJ (per some lingerie store lady), but have worn 34 DD and DDD since high school (I'm 27 now) and have been on the hunt for a good nursing bra (33 weeks pregnant today). I tried the "Medela Seamless Underwire Full Fit Nursing Bra" in a 34G and 34H. This one is the most supportive, but is an underwire (which after 8 hours, I can't wait to take off - and I've always been a committed underwire wearer) and the H cup fits, but I'm nervous about if it will fit once my milk REALLy comes in. I also tried the "Fancee Free Foam Support Soft Cup Nursing Bra," which I also got in a 34G and 34H is not the most supportive, but is comfortable (i wear this one to bed, around the house, etc.).
So, regarding the Goddess bra - I just got a 34G and yes, the cups are a little big, which I'm so thankful for because that will certainly allow for some growth and they aren't so big that my breasts look silly through shirts. Not to mention, the cup part that is looser is mostly around the nipple (I've been instructed to begin wearing a nipple shield, so it allows for room for that so-not-inconspicuous item to be). My favorite part is the back portion, which is a stretchy cotton and does not dig into my ribs by the end of the day like the others. It is also pretty supportive, maybe a 9 out of 10 in supportiveness compared to the Medela - but steps above the Fancee Free. I will likely buy one more G and an H in this style - and call it a day on buying nursing bras because I finally found what I'm looking for. I'd recommend buying one that is a cup size below what you normally wear if you're looking to wear it right now and you may have to wear a size up after milk comes in.
This bra really got me excited - enough that after 4 years of ordering from Amazon, this is the first review I was ever compelled to write. Hope you find the same success with this bra, too. Good Luck
This bra is the best nursing bra I have found.  It is very supportive and comfortable.  I like that it gives you the same support as an underwire bra but without the hard wire digging into you.  It holds up very well in the wash.  I would definitly recommend this bra to anyone that has a hard time finding bras to fit them. 
This is a great item to have if you are loosing weight.  You can adjust the belt as needed without having to buy new ones
Very pleased with all aspects of this transaction. Price, delivery and quality all excellent. Recommend seller highly
This is a great swimsuit but if your buns are out of shape don't buy since that is what is showing the most. I think it would rate a 5 if it wasn't lined like previous speedos
These shoes are different from anything else I have ever owned.  I truely love wearing them.  They are comfortable, practical and they make me smile every time I wear them!  Order a 1/2 size larger than your usual size and have some fun
Great boots.  Perfect for playing in the rain.  Great Quality.  I bought one size bigger that current size so they would last at least two rainy season.  No problems for the kiddos to adjust to bigger size.  We previously had the frog boots and they are still in great shape to be hand-me-downs
Incredible boot!  Comfort, style and warmth have proved their way with this boot.  I get positive comments each time I wear them!  The tread is perfect for walking in snow pack too.  You don't slide a bit.  I'll enjoy these for years
This is the most comfortable sports shoe that I have worn and I own just about every brand made
I find this a very comfortable bra for women of larger sizes.
I love the Garrick sandal. It was exactly what I expected as seen in the stores. Delivery, and service was excellent
I'm the type of guy who has never bothered to buy slippers.  I run around the house in socks.  I'm getting a little older now and my feet seem to get cold, plus I run outside to do quick things like grab something from my shop, turn on the water for a tree or plant, etc... things that normally require me to slip on some shoes.  These slippers are VERY soft, but have a substantial enough sole to step a few steps outside without worry.  The light color and porous surface do tend to stain easily however, but so far I've managed to wash off the toothpaste drips and such (laugh with me).  Yes I'd recommend them for now and will let you know later how they held up
I used this pair to replace my regular large fins. Speedo fins worked quite effectively and gave me a good workout. The material is also good/strong. I have no gripes about this product. I will highly recommend to people who do not like to use regular-size fins
Very satisfied with my purchase. The item was a Christmas present for my son and they got here in plenty of time and fit perfect. Amazon was the only place I could find the shoes in stock and the price was also lower than any other site
Does the job as described.  Recommend this brand.  DOwnst fall apart or rip after a couple of wears
I have started water walking in the fitness center pool and found i was slipping enough  to bother me.  This shoe fits like a glove and is very inexpensive to use.  I would recommend it to anyone desiring to use it for this purpose or any other water related activity.  I am certain it would be great at the beach, etc
This is a great pair of shoes and a good to have n your collection.It is a subtle silver and looks absolutely delicate on your feet.BUT it is one size smaller than normal.I usually wear a 8.5M and this turned out to be small for me.I do fit into it but my toe juts out a little bit.A 9M would have been better.But I dont have the patience to return it,so I am gonna keep it.Its a lovely pair of shoes
I wear this shirt waiting tables and I reccomend it to anyone.  When washed it is wrinkle free and can survive many washings.  The larger size is very roomy and sleeve length is appropriate for long arms.  I only wish it came in a broad collar instead of just a point color, but still an excellent shirt
This is my favorite for lap swims.  Reasonable modesty, but not baggy.  You'll move through the water with ease with minimum suit slippage.  If you are not looking for a tan, get this one!
I bought two of these as a gift for my husband.  He'd previously bought himself one of those eletronic tie racks and the thing fell apart while he was trying to get it installed.  These were ready to go right out of the box, no assembly required, took up less space in his closet than the 3-4 hangers with ties wrapped around them that he had, and have made his tie collection managable and easy to select from.  The cushioned tie "hooks" ensure the ties will not slip off, and also that they will not be damaged.  A breeze to organize his vast tie collection.  And he's loving this product
The shoes are awesome...my daughter LOVES them! Business was done in a professional manner and was an easy transaction
I found that these shorts do run a little bit small in size so make sure you give yourself an extra size up to make sure there is adequate room to move freely. Follow the care label for the first wash or two until they get broke in because the shorts are bit stiff at first due to their Scotchgaurding. 
TIP: Make sure you wash them before you wear them. 
I would recommend these shorts for most anyone who is looking for durability, comfort, and/or needing a professional look in the garments they wear.
NOTE: If you are looking for extra pockets go the Dickies cargo route. These do not have any extra pockets
I still love this bra!  It's great for casual wear, sleeping etc.  It does solve the back fat problem, however there is no lift and separate for me.  I'm going to try the underwire version of this bra to see if it helps.  It is an extremely comfortable bra that feels great on!  I bought a L for the band size, but there's just not quite enough coverage for my Ds
Classic wedding tuxedo. Excellent fabric and cut. The tuxedo was changed to single breasted suit after my approval.
Nice sock, but the leg area was not really ample or stretchy enough, in my opinion, to be considered plus size.   I will probably pass these on to my sons, who wear 8 men's size.
I purchased this bre several weeks ago and found it to be the most confortable top I've worn to date. Since then I have purchased 4 more
this cologne is the perfect balance of wood and sweetness. It is not overpowering, and it is very masculine. I bought it for my boyfriend, and found that on him it's even more potent! It's aa great fragranc
This case is so cute and matches my green iPod perfectly.  I read other reviews that said it leaves little black fuzz on the iPod, but I haven't had that problem.  The belt clip works great with this and feels very secure.  The other review said the cut-out for the wheel is off a little, and I guess she is right.  Looking at it you can see just slightly that the wheel isn't centered, but it is completely accesible and I have no trouble using it.  Overall I love this case
I bought this for my husband and am so impressed.  Nice and thick, and incredibly soft and huggable.  I have not seen anything nicer when looking in department stores. The attention to detail that went into the packaging was also a complete and welcome surprise.  Sturdy shipping box, and the inside was packaged nicely enough to present as a gift with no wrapping really required.  There was even a hand-written thank you note included.  I am more than satisfied. 
The megasoft bathrobe is pretty soft and thick relative to other bathrobes. It has a nice feel to it. The bathrobe is made of Japanese yarn and the yarn is made of cotton so the bathrobe is made of 100% cotton. Cotton of course strinks in the wash but the strinkage is tolerable. I purchased the expresso color and after a few washes the color faded but that is to expected. Overall I am satisfied with this purchase and would purchase it over again if I had the choice to do so.
This is a heavy/thick robe, I expect it would fit a man 6' tall perfectly. I am 5'8" and the sleeves are only slightly to long but, I don't even notice now. The comfort level is amazing, this is so incredibly soft and warm you will put it on as soon as you get home and take it off when you go to bed. I cant speak on durability as I've only had it for a month or so but, you most likely will not be dissapointed with the feel. I got the brown color and I love it, I feel like grisly adams in this thing..
My son's favorite color is orange but finding an orange lunch bag this year was a tough find until I found this lunch kit.  It is perfect:  high qualtiy, great price, fast delivery.  I am completely satisfied and will definately order again next year
At first I was bugged by how sticky this was, but boy did it work! They gave me 1/2 ounce tube in the hospital (and charged me $9 for it, but that's another story!) It moisturizes and protects your nipples from chafing while nursing, and doesn't bother baby a bit. Take my advice, bring your own tube to the hospital to avoid being over-charged!
I pronate and the light eight material gave me breathability as well as a sturdy base for my running.  I not only trained up to 40 miles a week with these but I ran two half marathons and the NYC Marathon with this exact sneaker.  When they became worn from the wear and tear?  I bought another pair - exact one.  These sneakers lasted me half a training season PLUS the marathon.  Not ages of running but probably close to 200 miles.  I highly recommend them.  And the color is fun, too
       
I ordered the cranberry watch cap and the matching scarf for my daughter for Christmas. She loved the set as it is light weight and not bulky for packing for her honeymoon. The great choice of colors made it difficult to choose only one
I have the gown too and ordered the PJ's from the direct website.
They are the same great quality and the bottoms are so cute, I wear them all the time out of the house
See title. these shoes are simply the best pair of foot protectors ive ever owned. so comfortable,  waterproof and just sweet-looking. i feel like a ninja every time i wear them
Mom was looking for a similar item, from "Bass".  I told her this brand was very reliable.  She can put them down
this item was a great buy,fast delivery and was given as a gift...thank
Shirt really made a "hit".   Arrived shortly after placing order
These are absolutely the most fashionable and adorable shoes on earth. They are right on the mark. I love them so much that I am ordering my second pair..not because the first fell apart, but because I simply have to have more than one pair
I got my Adidas Adissage WHT/PNK sandals in record time. I was able to take them on my trip with me as intended. Also, the price was the best that I had seen on the internet.
really nothing to say about this product...fast shipping, good deal.
i like the style and the color. not too loud
I've been wearing this bra for years.  It just can't be matched for comfortable fit, no wires, no seams. Whatever your shape you can &quot;shake yourself&quot; into it
these boots are a great alternative to the military style combat boot. and the cost is less then when i purchased similar style boots when on active dut
I missed my late 80s over the knee suede boots, which is why I got these. They are great! The only thing that could be much improved are the soles and heel. They are very thing. I'd wear them out in a day. I had to have them resoled. But the Ammazon price was so good it was still a steal.
 This was exactly what my husband had admired in Macy's.  I paid $25 more for the convenience of having it delivered to my home without my husband's knowledge.  He is thrilled with the jacket
My 9 year old nephew told me he wanted "Under Armour" for Christmas. I had no idea what he was talking about. I asked - "Under arm deoderant"? "Undershirt"? I was ever the un-cool aunt for not knowing what he wanted. I found out that 3 of my friends experienced the same thing. ;)  The shirt runs very tight, and even though my nephew is smaller for his age, the large just barely fit him. He asked for a second one for his birthday (and so did my sister, so she could get the shirt off of him and wash it). The kid loves it, and if he gives it 5 stars, so do I.
These boots are comfortable but they don't keep my feet very warm in cold weather. They have an unusual pattern that gets a lot of compliments and goes with almost every color in a wardrobe. The heel height is perfect. Also, I can tuck my jeans into the boots - an added bonus
It's October 8th, 2006.  The Detroit Tigers have just defeated the New York Yankees to advance to the American League Championship Series.   People counted the Tigers out.  Everyone thought the Yankees would walk into Comerica Ballpark and put a serious damper on the success the Tigers have produced all season long.  Nope.  Didn't happen.  The Tigers won 95 games this year.  No one thought the Tigers advancing this far was possible, but when you have excellent stars such as Magglio Ordonez, Curtis Granderson, Ivan Rodriguez, Marcus Thames, Craig Monroe and Kenny Rogers, you can't lose.  The manager Jim Leyland also played a major part in helping to reshape the Tigers as a team, and give them much-needed direction.  He was probably the main reason they won so many games.  
The Tigers are now a team EVERYONE can love- not just Detroit fans.  TV stations are now playing Tigers games again and reminding people that yes, the Tigers are still around.  The fact that the Tigers haven't been mentioned for the last 10 years shows that the fans may have forgotten all about the team, but beating the Yankees last night was solid proof the team is back, and threatening.  Proof that the Tigers can hang with the big boys.  
The celebration after the final out in game 4 was wonderful.  Everyone on the team lifted Jim Leyland on their shoulders and proudly walked around the field, while the fans celebrated and cheered indicating they still remember those successful championship years a long time ago, and obviously still support their home team.  It got extremely crazy when the team decided to spray champagne at the audience, and they enjoyed it!  Even a cop wanted to be sprayed.  The celebration supposedly lasted an hour.  
This Vintage Crest T-Shirt should PROUDLY be worn by you.  I want you to take a trip to New York City wearing this shirt and walk down the street so everyone can see how much of a proud, loyal Detroit Tigers fan you are.  The days of watching them lose game after game are finally over.  Long live the Tigers.  Make sure you buy this shirt to celebrate the wonderful run the Tigers had in the season of 2006.  You need to wear Orange if you live in the Detroit area. 
The Tiffany's version is super expensive. These are clean and simple. They get the job done
I initially recieved my order very quickly, within a week in fact. However, it was the wrong size and I had to send it back to them. It turned out it was another 6 weeks before I got back the correct fitting corset. The good news is with my wedding dress, it is perfect, however, if you are planning a wedding, make sure you get this item way ahead of time in case there are any issues with sizing or back ordering
My wife has been looking for a pair of seamed pantyhose and didn't think such a thing existed. Last week she wore this pair to a re-enactment and received many favorable comments. Highly recommende
Finding sleepwear that has enough support for lactating, large-breasted women is no fun, but this dress is pretty good.  What this will not give you is any kind of coverage.  If you're ok with people seeing you with Major cleavage, then this is fine.  If not, just wear it to bed--not in the hospital or, as I see some women do--out of the house.  Yikes!  I think I'd be arrested
looks very nice, material is not bad..just a little big from my original siz
This is a really comfortable, and it's very protective, especially in high winds.  It keeps you war, and it looks good,  i personally added new patches to my jacket, its looks really good!!!  This is a good buy!!  You should get this Jacket
i liked the book it was good but not as i expected, i needed more explanation before buying the book, like how the book will look like from the inside , 
anyhow in general its good 
Thank you Amazo
With the sale and promotional rate applied. This is a great shoe
I bought these for my granddaughter after I saw her wearing a pair of plain black rubber boots[which she loved]!When I gave her these, she absolutely loved them!They are so cute, with flowers and butterflies all over them.They run true to size, are well made,  and look so bright and cheerful on a rainy day.Needless to say, the black boots have been retired
I love the look and they are very comfortable on my feet. I got the black and white, and I love them with a pair of capris or long shorts
The denim on these jeans is lightweight and the touch of stretch renders them super-comfy, not confining like some stretchy jeans can be. They're almost as comfortable as my sweats, and there are some weekends when I just live in these! True to size, and I didn't have the shrinking issue another reviewer seems to have experienced
I recently purchased this shoe after a friend of mine recommended ASICS shoes to me. This is my first pair of running shoes and I am very pleased with it. The shoes were very comfortable from the day one. 
One comment that I have about the shoe is that they are quite narrow in the front. I have wide feet and would have prefferred a little wider shoe. I worked out fine for me, however, because I had purchased 1/2 size longer than what I usually wear. 
Overall, I am very happy with this pair and would recommend it
IF YOU PURCHASE THIS SLIPPER FOR YOUR MAN, HE WILL LOVE YOU FOREVER.  THEY NOT ONLY LOOK GREAT AND VERY EXPENSIVE, THEY ARE SUPER COMFORTABLE AND HE ABSOLUTELY LOVES WEARING THEM.  THEY LOOK GOOD ENOUGH TO WEAR TO THE SUPERMARKET.  BARBRA WILLI
My son loves the shoes.  They are comfortable and very stylish.  They do not show dirt like other shoes.  They look to be made well and designed very nice too
I am very pleased with the terry wrap that I bought as a Christmas gift.  I had looked in every store I was in while Christmas shopping for one but found none so was very pleased to find this one.  It is well made, looks good and the price was great.  Shipping was very quick without paying extra for express service
 I love the shoes, very comfortable and i can wear them with just about anything
These sandals are very nice and the price that I paid was a very  good price
Great looking on my feet, extremely comfortable and the price for a suede sandal like this is phenomenal!  I'm going to order more. 
We have always bought stride rite shoes for our son, however the cost can be overwhelming when you are buying a new pair every three months! I was excited to find these here at such an awesome price. They are identical to those in the store and my son loves wearing them.
Color and image are delightful. I do wish I had gone up a size as I like to wear it with a long sleeved t-shirt underneath
I love these shoes! Tsubo is notoriously comfortable and these are amazing! They aren't the prettiest shoes in the world, but I can spend 12 hours on my feet in them and my feet are happy
These fit a tiny bit loose but the comfort level is great.  Shoes at Amazon.com are one of my favorite on-line purchases, great prices
Bought these for my 7 year old per his request. The size was right, the style was right and he has been wearing them everyday since. They arrived quicker than anticipated and we are very happy with the purchase
Very good quality, nice leather, sturdy, and can be used for anything. Big enough as a book bag, great carry on, a purse...etc. I am very satisfied with my purchase....the bag is made in the states, and a great price, for a quality made item. I highly recommend this leather bag
If you have the body to show for it, by all means wear it alone
Great leggings....I love the feel of these....thicker than the regular cotton/lycra leggings and they hold you in nicely.....One thing I like about Danskin is the waist elastic is not tight, it just rests on your waist. It's extremely comfortable. Gusseted cotton crotch is also a plus...I wear these to yoga, pilates, on hikes with my dog and just about everywhere else. Oh, and they look much more expensive than the cotton leggings......I even wear them in 90 degree weather. I just can't get enough of them......I have always appreciated Danskin quality, just machine wash and dry and off you go....
This shoes are very lovely, classy and comfortable. I'm thinking of getting them in another colour
Exactly as advertised. If you're a Naruto nut, or like wristbands, I'd advise buying this
Warm and soft. I have used this brand for years and they have never caused skin problems. This brand is warmer then those without the fuzzy inside
I had bought a bra of this model at a discount store, just got lucky.  It quickly became my favorite, and I was glad to find it at Amazon. 
The shoes are great.  I love Dansko, they are the most supportive and comfortable shoes that I have ever worn.  I have 9 pair & will buy more.  The retailer was great.  I received my shoes within 5 days & I would shop there again. 
My favorite underwear right now, the pima cotton is very soft.  If you want an alternative to boxer briefs, these are great. If you are kinda between sizes, round up
I like this fragance and the shipment was awsome,I didn't know what they supose to be here and when i check de tracking it was like delivered and I check my mail and it was there!AWSOME AWSOME AWSOM
The bundle can be worn on warm and chilly days to support my favorite college team and alma mater.  Material is good for both the t-shirt and hoodie.  For the quality and price, can't beat it anywhere
I got custom fit for this bra at Nordstrom's and I am so happy that I purchased it - among others that day. I had lost 55 pounds and was looking to update my image and had gone through about 4 bra sizes on my way down. Hands down this was the best purchase - even better than the $65 I spent on the Le Mystere bra. It is unbelievably comfortable and since I am a "light" 34c it adds the perfect amount to make me a perfect C. Plus it gives me a "bump" and just the right amount of cleavage. I can even wear it with many of my plunging tops and feel sexy without being over the top. One thing to note is that it puts the breasts pretty close together - and since I am 5' 1" and a size 2 that works well for me as I am pretty small framed. It took a bit to get used to "them" being so "out there in front." So if your breasts are set further apart then this might not be the right fit for you. I love it so much that I now have this in all 3 colors and 2 of the bare color as I am very fair skinned.
I'm a big guy. Heck, I'll just admit; I'm a fat guy. However, I am also simply large-framed (broad-shouldered, barrel-chested). I got the largest size possisble to accomodate my stomach and my large chest (largest available is a chest measurement of 60, my chest is 58), and while the coat looks pretty good on me, the shoulders are extremely constricting and I have heard the seam in the back pulling if I move my arms too quickly or too far. If you have unusual proportions like me, I reccomend biting the bullet and getting a tailor-made coat elsewhere. Still, though, the coat is quite warm and looks pretty nice on me, so if you are of relatively normal dimensions, you can add a star to this review when considering a purchase
This boonie hat is collapsible, yet has a firm rim. Chin-strap is attached to keep it where it belongs in high winds. This is the hat that will conceal you in the woods, but gets noticed about town. The digital pattern is impressive can often times is a conversation piece. I wear it almost every day, and it's my favorite piece of headgear
Sexy and well made. I am a size 12, but I bought the queen size and it fit great
The glasses were in excellent condition, they were exactly what i expected plus more (they sent them in a glasses case which was a bonus to me.  This was an excellent seller
i am picky about the kind of sock i put on me & my son's feet. his feet have been sized as extra wide (!!) and these socks fit wonderfully, in his size, without being stretched tight. i love the high cotton content & the cushioned soles. these are well made socks & i will be buying from this brand when it's time for the next size up
trans. was great. love the shirt!! I know it's a lot for a t-shirt, but I had to have it!!
A really nice looking t-shirt that was made to show an archeological dig
revealing an unearthed artifact (a Gibson Les Paul Guitar).  I've had nothing but positive remarks about it every time it was worn. I'll probably order another because something this good usually goes fast.
A really good Led Zep shirt is hard to find and this is one. 
Highly reccomended.  5 stars.
Not only are these shoes great looking on...they are extremely comfortable.  I went back and bought two addtional pairs in different colors
These are the most comfortable boots I've ever had straight out of the box.  They look good and feel even better.  Highly recommended!!!
i ordered this for my son for his birthday.they told me it was backordered i was so afraid he wouldnt have it for his birthday.i sent them a email and they answered right away,i emailed them one day and had the present 2 days later.even through this is a small company they took care of a long time customer now
THis is a great additional purchase to the Princess costumes.  Just know for little fingers (children) they are hard to put on - requires parental assistance
Got these slippers for my man for Christmas. They are buttery soft, the fit is true to size and they are not lined with something to heavy and hot for the feet. Can be worn barefoot or with socks. Great for a quick dash outside. I would recommend these slippers and this seller
Rubber boots don't have to look like booring rubber boots. I ordered Women's Tan "Beach Holiday" boots for my daughter as a Christmas present. They arrived in time for Christmas and she loves them
I received my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.
The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after I
ordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied
Works well, especially for anyone who still has their old console systems in use. I have my NES and SNES, both of which have huge AC adapters, plugged into this. It saves tons of space on my power strip.
The design is a little clumsy though, so it's only getting 4/5
Not as easy to use as a larger Panasonic I used to own but
otherwise fine. Good sound.  Using CD player and radio.
Buying via Amazon as usual is super
It worked much better than expected. The page clips also were very good, but one fell off about 5 minutes into owning/using the item (I put it back on, but fell off a couple more times). I also get the feeling that the other parts are fragile as well.
It's speedy and space saving and inexpensive. I bought this to replace my Belkin because the Belkin needed to be plugged in. This one is powered by your computer so there's no extra power cords, which is a big plus to me. 
The only thing I dislike about this is the fact that the Hub takes up two Usb ports instead of just one like the Belkin. 
I've had a number of universal remotes over the years and each has had pluses and minuses to offer. The monster remote is a very effective universal remote on all accounts but there is ONE thing that stands out here above all the other remotes. Wireless control over lighting. I replaced my dimmers and switches with the Monster dimmers and switches and now I can control every light in my house. Monster really doesn't talk much about this feature but being able to hit "ALL OFF" at night on my way to bed and have the remote turn off all the house lights is killer. You can even map ligthing scenes to activities. If you hit watch a movie it can turn down the ligths at the same time. Really cool. Good job monster.
I really don't have much to say about this book holder, not that it's just a book holder.  It's a nice one.  It does it's job.  It's a little too expensive for just a piece of plastic.
It's strong, sturdy, and it's big enough, even for those massive heavy textbooks, like the Calculus ones.  Although, I would not recommend putting a dictionary or reference that's like 6" thick (even though it still may hold).  It's got little clamps at the bottom to prevent the page from flipping all over the place, although those tend to fall off when you move them.  But that's no big deal.  Just put them back on.  
This book holder is kind of big, and I would not put it on a small desk in the middle of a classroom, but it's not too big.  You should be able to put it almost anywhere when studying on your own time. 
After using my iM716s for about 4 months now I have a few things to say about them.
1) Price: Lists for $199 on Altec's site.  $70 is a steal.
2) Quality: Top notch in the earphones, the clip on the volume module is weak.
3) Performance: Bar none best I've had.  These things outperform the huge Logitech ear muff set I use mainly to mow in.  These things allow me to mow the lawn without having to jack up the volume to drown out the mower.
4) Conclusion: The only thing that stops me from saying these are perfect is the volume module can be a pain and get in the way.  When moving around, you NEED to have it clipped to something, otherwise it can create inner ear noise.  This can get quite annoying.  I've also caught the cord on things, causing the clip to bend away from the module.  It is removeable and I was able to bend it back.  If there were a pair of equal quality w/o the module, even for the same price, I'd go that route.  With that said, I am in no way regretting my purchase and will recommend these to anyone asking me about them or my 60GB video ipod
This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year
This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. That is amazing. It makes my camera perform better. (Canon Rebel XT
I installed this unit on my HP AMD 64 X2 with a 19-inch LCD monitor.  Installation was very straightforward, with no problems experienced.  The unit has two rows of power outlets - eight outlets total.  All are surge protected, but only one row has battery backup.  Each row includes an outlet that is offset to allow transformer power supplies to be connected and still accommodate use of the other outlets.  The unit also surge protects the incoming telephone line, and interacts well transparently my DSL service.
The unit comes with a USB connector cable that is used to transfer information between the unit and the computer.  Also included is "PowerChute Personal Edition" software.  This software replaces the UPS option used under the "Power" icon of Widow's XP Control Panel.  PowerChute PE allows user selection of alarms and power options to best fit the user's needs.  PowerChute PE automatically loads at computer startup, and resides as an icon on the right-side of the Window's task bar.  It monitors the unit's status, and provides information concerning abnormal power events that have occurred for future reference.
In order to assure that there is enough battery power for this unit to operate properly, I only attached the PC and monitor to the powered row of outlets.  Transformers seem to use a lot of power, and to gain the most time available for adequate shut-down times they should only be plugged into the "surge only" outlet row.
When A/C power fails, the unit immediately picks up the power load.  It will then begin to shut down the PC if A/C power does not become available shortly .  The default method it uses is to place the PC into "hibernation mode", saving the desktop exactly "as is" for future start-up.  It accomplished this task with my PC perfectly.
If I had wanted a UPS to keep my computer running for several minutes during an A/C power outage, this is not the unit I would have purchased.  However, to keep my system from re-booting due to the power being interrupted momentarily, or to shut down the PC safely should the power outage last longer, this is a cost-effective solution for those tasks.
I used it in Brasil and had it developed.  I was very happy with it.  It was the very first time I've used a digital camera
I had two unworking disks (One a PS2 game and the other a PSX game) so I picked this up and both work fine now! The only thing is you'll have to run it through a couple times. If you run it through once you'll see little difference... But for the price and since it does work... eventually, I still give it a 5 out of 5.
What an amazing product for such a small price.  It works right out of the box, but to get full functionality you need to install the encolsed drivers.  The option of mouse or pen makes it useful for everyday PC work as well using the pen for graphics.  I use it mainly for teaching via phone and use the whiteboard in messenger to communicate in words and pictures.  It really makes a difference.
The unit seems well made and I like the fact you can personalise the tablet to add a picture of your choice.  I opted for the smallest in the range for value, and was not disappointed, but I am sure for more commerical use or for artwork a much bigger screen would be better, but at cost.
The software bundle is ok too if you don't already have photoshop tools.
The one quibble is that at home when I installed the drivers it continued to crash my PC with my wireless keyboard installed.  Not ideal, but as I dont use it at home any longer it is not a problem for me, but be careful, I am sure there will be a fix somewher
I like it very much, I use it in an outdoor trail camera for wild game and it hold several pictures and has been in the camera in all kinds of weather. I would buy Kingston again
I got this card last month and I've been using it heavily. Its been great. Its sturdy and can has great range. There are a few problems though.
#1 There is no case for the card.
#2 The included browser only lasts for 30 days and its horrible. Luckily I had NetFront 3.1
#3 Memory Stick LAN software will occasionally error, but a soft reset will fix it.
Otherwise its a great little expansion card
I love my tooldial and its' software.  My only complaint is that you must have a very large proccessor to run it effectively.  I frequently find that it gums up photoshop and in-design a little.  Overall great product and I expect them to have some updates to work out the bugs.  Works very well in tandem with a WACOM tablet
This is a great card reader for the price. Why pay more if this one reads the all cards that you have? Personally, I only use CompactFlash and SD cards. It reads these cards and it does it fast and reliably.
The shape of this card reader is a bit awkward but then again it does help you grab the unit while inserting and removing cards, which you'll want to do a bit carefully. It would be a bit more difficult to do that with the unit lying flat on the desk. Remember to never force the card in and remember the label side faces towards the Sandisk logo on the card reader. It is slightly tricky to get the cards into the slots at first, but once you get the feel of it, it beccomes quite easy and routine.
This Sandisk has LED indicators that are helpful. One Amber LED to tell you the unit is connected to your USB, and other green ones by each card slot to let you know either that you have a card insert (solid green), or that it's reading or writing (blinking green).
This card reader comes with a 1 year warranty and I feel it represents a good value. I would recommend it
The Sandisk reader is impossible to misuse. It loads quickly and it's compact shape offers most options for memory. It can be mounted vertically with attached stand for sleek ease of use or compacted flat to be discreet. I would prefer a little more weight so that it doesn't move around on my desk so I'm giving it only 4 stars. If I had to replace this reader, I would buy another SanDisk
I agree that these are not top of the line. But they aren't bad at all. I get coasters occassionally even from top of the line media.
I always burn at half the speed the media is designed for - 2x in this case. It takes longer, but I get good results. I am rarely in a hurry to burn a DVD.
I would buy these again.
** Updated on 7/3/2005 **
I have bought a new computer recently and I have been burning these DVDs with full speed supported by the writer and no coasters what-so-ever. Very happy with this product
I, like many other people that have written reviews here, researched the purchase of an MP3 player in great detail.  Other members of my family own iPods, and that is the direction that I was heading until I did a massive amount of research.  If you want to rip the thousands of songs that you already own on CD, this is the unit that you want.  iPod will not let you download your own songs, I did not know that until after I purchased this player (thankfully).  This unit was the highest rated unit by far that I was able to scour the internet for.  If this is your first purchase of an MP3 player (like mine) buy this one, no questions asked.  Do not worry about trying to buy $80 ear buds the sound from the ear buds that come with the player is unreal.  Crisp, clear, awsome base and I have only turned up the player to 23 on the volume it goes up to 40.  I cannot hear the home stereo that my wife is listening to or my kids that are running around the house playing.  I received this player in the mail today at 5:30 when I got home from work and by 6:35 I have transfered the 114 artists folders (about 4,000+ songs) that I had ripped on my computer last week (about 35 to 40 minutes to transfer the music to the staging folder and then to the player).
I would recomend buying the cradle, it helps in standing it up on the desk or over the stereo, which I plan to do to play all my music on my outdoor speakers by the pool.
Absolutley buy this unit.  I have only messed wit it for a couple of hours and I have a high performance expectation and it has met it
I bought this keyboard originally for the LCD screen and the wide range of possibilities that exist with programming it for various games I play.  I was suprised to learn that this is more than a pretty keyboard with an LCD hanging off of it.  It's the best-feeling keyboard I've ever owned.  The keys take just the right amount of pressure to operate, and the switch to disable the windows key is a welcome feature.  The backlighting is bright, day or night, and the programmable G-keys make executing complicated key combinations in games or business applications a thing of the past.  Highly recommended
I'm very happy with the set.  Although not listed in the specs, it must have a QAM tuner, because I am able to watch unscrambled digital broadcasts through my cable service even though all I have is basic cable.  I was thrilled when I made this discovery.  Watching football games in HD, without paying for digital cable, almost made me weep with happiness.
The picture quality for analog channels is only so-so.  I really wish the remote was illuminated.  Also, Amazon took much longer to deliver the TV than was promised.  Other than these negatives, I'm very happy
We have the original Itrips but wanted this one for travel since it is much eaiser to tune in. The originals work great around town because it is always set on the same station. After reading the instructions I plugged the new Itrip in and it worked perfectly just like the originals. Not only did it work but it worked from 40 feet away. That is better than I expected after reading all the feedback. I'm not sure what everyones problem is. It's not a radio tower, it's a transmitter the size of your finger. I get the feeling that some people think it should power the City block.
I have used the 9510i for about 2 years and have found it to be flawless in performance. The Disaster Recovery software provided with this drive is it's biggest star. You can format your hard drive, put in the restore disk that you create for your system, and in about 15 minutes your system is put back to EXACTLY the way it was when you created the disk. Or you can simply replace selected files if you want. It does not miss a single thing. Fanstastic. The software is extremely user friendly and guides you through the process easier than an &quot;ABC&quot; book. I would highly recommend this drive for performance and ease of use
Works great!!!  I have a flat roof that does not allow me to add a phone line and the only way to use my satilite system is with a long phone cord accross my room.  This jack extension helped me eliminate the long ugly cor
Ok, I got this as gift so I got nothing to lose right!  Well, this little gadget will be my first open door to the ipod world and i gotta say that it really gives me an awsome impression toward what apple has accomplished for ipod shuffle.
Ever since I unpacked this little thing, it has been with me everywhere!  On the go, exercise, sleeping....anywhere you have pockets to put it, ipod shuffle is always with me whenever I needed some kick of tunes, its ultra light and portability has really achieved what it meant to accomplish in the first place and talking about 1 GB of stores mp3 for about 16 hrs of playtime, it is just too hard not to fall in love with this little part of me...lol!  Sound quality is decent too and it is quite easy to charge and transfer/update tunes on the go.  So if you are a fast paced, mobile and not a control freak, then ipod shuffle is definitely a good way to get giggy with it
If you own a Canon digital camera this printer is great.  It is portable and makes great prints.  People think they are from a photolab.  It is also vey easy to use.  I have seen other mini printers from Olympus and Sony and they are not as good.  They cost more too
I recently purchased this as a replacement for my Monster Cable.  I must say that I am quite impressed.  This is the best FM transmitter I have encountered.
I live in Seattle.  There is a fairly saturated FM dial, and the unique topography of the surrounding area has a tendency to deflect certain signals.  That said, I only have minor problems with interference, the most common of which is moderate distortion in the upper ranges.
Functionality is pretty much seamless in my car.  I drive a 2003 Ford Focus.  The 12v power jack is position to the left of my in dash CD changer, so accessibility is not an issue.
If anyone is in the market for an FM transmitter for their iPod, I highly recommend this one.  "That'll do, pig.  That'll do.
Overall a very nice charger, though recharge times aren't even close to what is advertised.  The display is very nice as is the ability to charge individual batteries instead of having to do it in a pair.  The 900 mAH hold such a small charge that they are almost worthless.
Title: Intuos3 Tablet
Publisher: Wacom
Publish Date: Unknown
ISBN/Model #:  PTZ631W
Reviewer: Robert Saucier
Rating: 5 stars
In 1997, after buying a new top-of-the-line 450MHz Pentium II system, I splurged on a Wacom ArtZ II tablet.  Oh, my!  Pressure-sensitive, tilt-sensing, pointer control, assignable function pads; it was Heaven.
After a couple of years, every time I tried to use it with my primary graphics application, my computer would spontaneously reboot -- a bit counter-productive.  I watched for new drivers and new versions of my application but, as technology marched on, my beloved tablet and graphics application continued their spats.
Sadly, I disconnected the tablet and gently packed it away.  Lately, I've been feeling the pull once more, that urge to use a pen to do photo touch-ups instead of my mouse.  Miraculously, a Wacom Intuos3 6-inch by 11-inch tablet dropped, almost literally, into my lap.  Sleek, gun-metal gray, sexy -- with a comfort-grip pen (much like my coveted Pilot G2 pens) AND a mouse!  Even better, the Intuos3 comes bundled with 3 applications that show off its capabilities:  Adobe Elements 4.0, Corel Painter Essentials 3, and nik Color Efex 2.0 lE.  Heaven just got better!
The Intuos3 has over 5000 lines per inch of resolution, over twice that of the Wacom Graphire product line, and, with its USB 2 connection, there's more than enough communication bandwidth, meaning better tablet to application response.  One hesitation I have when adding a new piece of hardware is in regard to what the driver will do to my system; will it introduce instability or get along with everyone else.  The Intuos3 driver has been rock-solid in the two weeks that the tablet has been living with me.  I've used all of my "usual" programs and have had no problems at all.  The tablet has also been peacefully co-existing with two external drives, a wireless desktop receiver, a card reader, a scanner, and a printer, all riding the same USB bus.
The Intuos3 has 8 "chordable" buttons, 4 at each side of the tablet, to which keys, macros, or other actions may be assigned.  The default for each group are the usual ALT, CTRL/Command, and Shift, along with "space".  The placement of the buttons allows you to keep a grip on the tablet, holding one or more of the buttons, while tapping whatever key on the keyboard with your pen hand.  Being chordable, you can hold any or all of the buttons down for those tricky shortcuts like ALT-CTRL-S or To the side of each of the two button pads are touch strips which can be independently programmed as well.  The default setting is to scroll or depending on the context.  The ends of the strip, in keystroke mode, can be set to playback macros.  The pen, with its 1024-level pressure-sensitive stylus AND "eraser," also has a DuoSwitch.  The DuoSwitch's two positions may also be programmed.
The pen action is smooth with the default nylon nib -- there are different types of nibs to simulate different types of tactile feedback.  With the ergonomic grip, the pen is extremely comfortable to hold.  The 5-button mouse, designed to be used by either "righties" or "lefties," is not as ergonomically correct but considering the versatility, this is more than acceptable.  As with every other clickable/pressable feature associated with the Intuos3, the mouse buttons are programmable with a ridiculous number of options, although I've yet to find the "fix photo,"  "illustrate article," or even the "design website" settings.
I can see only two very minor changes that I would make to this fantastic product.  I would love to see the ability to add weight to the pen.  It is just a bit too light for my personal tastes and considering how configurable the tablet is already, this feature would be the feather on the cap to me.  The other change would be making the drawing surface transparent as it is on the Graphire (and was on the ArtZ II).  Sometimes, having the ability to trace an outline can save significant time.
For the casual home user, I would recommend the Graphire product line -- this Intuos3 model's SRP of $369 may be a bit high where a $99 entry point on the Graphire is more affordable.  For the pro-consumer or professional, however, whether doing photo editing (my primary use) or illustration, the Intuos3 line is well worth the investment.  It's great to be in Heaven again ...
I bought the Sansa M240 two months ago and am quite happy with it. It's light-weight, holds plenty of media (I have yet to fill it up) and the sound is suprisingly good. No complaints
The other effusive reviews are spot-on...  the picture is fabulous on new DVDs (Lord of the Rings, Nemo, Harry Potter).  A $20 Cables to Go HDMI cable does a great job.  We have the  Sony KDF-42E2000 42" 3LCD Rear Projection HDTV and are thrilled with the combination.  A few annoyances:  The machine responds and loads slowly, but that's not too bad; a minor sacrifice for the incredibly low price.  And, certain DVDs of old movies (Some Like it Hot, The King and I) stretch the picture horizontally, making things look squat.  I'm sure there's a solution, but just can't figure it out.  Any tips
I bought this item, since I always make a lot of notes from books and other papers, and don't want to type it in manually anymore. This scanner, probably like any other model, needs a little training to get it right over the paper, but once done, it really works and faster than typing!
I dont use the addressbook or options with your GSM but they are no doubt very handy.
I just scan in from papers, and beam it to my laptop. Both Infrared and the cable work. The cable is especially great for using the scanner 'live'on the screen: the scanned text appears on the pc as you type!
The dictionary also comes in very handy.
It must be a very complex product, but just like the Ipod or ZenXtra mp3 players: they work!
So buy one and save some time! Excellent and recommended for anyone that needs to make notes, or studies, or just wants to stop cutting out pages in newspapers in a train e.g
As your DVD/CD collections grow, these are ideal for protecting and storing your "treasures". Easy to open and take up little storage space. The center lock tab is secure but allows you to remove the discs from the case with ease.
Just a great product
Excellent value -- these batteries are just as good as name brands for about half the price.  If you use a lot of AA's, this is the way to go -- made especially nice if you use them as a filler to get your shipping free on your entire order if it is hovering in the $18 range
Very pleased w/item.  Compact.  Easy to move from place to place
I bought this to clean up all of my kids DVDs. They have a ton of discs that are dirty, scratched, etc. I have cleaned over 30 discs so far and have fixed all but one (it was *really* scratched up).
I am suprised at the negative reviews on this item since I have considered this one of my smartest buys this year
Just wanted to echo what others have said, that these batteries seem to really last.  I received a new camera and was using generic rechargeable batteries in it, almost as powerful as the 2500s here, and the batteries ran out after a few hours.  Replaced those batteries with these, and these just seem to last on and on.  Am very happy with them
You really can't go wrong with this one.  Not great response but what do you expect for less than $300?  On the other hand, The possibilities for this surround system are endless.  Want something just for the effects to complilment your bedroom wide screen?  How about using it for a dedicated gaming sound system, (this is how my daughter has it configured).  It's our second one.  First one died as a result of recent electrical storm, (Yes the circuit was 'protected', but so what).  Couldn't be happier for the investment
This appears to be a good piece of equipment. I hav'nt had any major outages as of yet but a minor fluctuation was handled very well.
The service from Amazon was great, delivery people were most cooperative, made delivery as promised, placed TV in space where we wanted and hooked up and checked it out.
They even offered to take away the empty carton. We saved about $250 by buying from Amazon rather than from local retailer
If you want a budget home theater system for under $200 there is probably not many systems better then the Sony HT-DDW700. This system is ideal for small rooms such as a bed room or a tiny living room.
Considering the price, sound quality is actually better then expected for me. The tiny cube speakers presents pretty good clarity. They may look like cheap computer speakers but they aren't and are a bit heavier then they look. The center channel may be a little underpowered since dialog during dvd movies sound a tad soft and a little too low. The surround effects during movies in dolby digital and dts are very good though.
If set up properly the speakers handle surround effects very well.
Some minor complaints is that the speaker wire attached to the speakers are very thin. They are fixed and can't be replaced. Also, if you want heart stopping bass then this system might not be for you. The 8" subwoofer is okay considering the price of the system. It is currently better then any other sub included in a home theater system under $200. It isn't powered, is very light (only 9 lbs) and you have to be pretty close to actually feel the bass. The volume would have to be cranked up extremely high for the sub to actually rattle your walls. 
The receiver comes with 1 optical and 1 coxial digital input and 4 rca analog inputs. It should be enough in most cases. An extra digtal input or two wouldn't hurt but again the system is under $200. Setup couldn't be easier. You just hook up the included microphone, place it at your listening postion and press a button on the remote. The system will automatically sets up the speaker distance, delay and volume levels. The receiver comes with the basic pro logic II music and move modes to upmix your stereo sources. It also has other sound fields and effects to enhace the sound but they don't really seem to enhance the sound by that much if at all.
Basically, if you want a home theater system for a small room and for under $200 then there isn't much better then the Sony HT-DDW70
I've owned many Sony electronics in the past and have always liked their styling and functionality -- lots of hardy Walkmen, useful shortwave and portable radios, stylish TVs and high quality cassette recorders.  I still have a Sony mini component stereo model FH-E656 (made in Japan) which I bought in 1992 for US$400+; but rather than pay to fix its worn-out CD player, I decided to purchase this new Sony MHCEC70 component stereo (made in China).
PLUSES: 
decent sound
good functionality
easy set-up and intuitive operation
simple remote -- but only covers basic functions
CONS:
very short speaker leads
unattractive styling (for my tastes) -- resembles a boombox
only holds 3 CDs vs 5 for comparable Panasonic units
At first glance, I was disappointed by the cheap construction, skimpy manual and very short speaker leads -- the manufacturer seemed to be counting pennies.  But then I thought: in 2006 for $150, I can't expect the same quality as I received in 1992 for $400.  Everything is made more cheaply now and almost all in China.  So, for the money, it suits my purposes as a nice sounding stereo unit for the bedroom.  The real test will be how long the CD changer works -- to be safe, this time I bought the 2 year replacement warranty.  I haven't blasted it at full volume, but it seems to have plenty of power when needed.
I originally bought a $300 Panasonic unit (SC-PM71SD MP3 SD Micro System) which was returned because it didn't have the full data recording feature as advertised (data recording was crippled by DRM limitations).  This Sony stereo costs half as much, and has almost all the same functionality
The silicone is great quality, fits the nano snugly, and the arm band is nice.  Wonderful product, does what it's supposed to do, for a fabulous price. Recommended
I bought this 2 years back and still it is in great shape. Recently i forgot compact flash in my shirt pocket and went for washing and then followed by Drying. My wife found compact flash in dryer and i thought it would not work. Surprisingly it is working fine and i could see my past snapshots with out any problem.
It does everything I expected to do. Easy manual and set up. Great sound. I am keeping it
I am very pleased with this item. It is fits comfortably, holds my CD player snugly and has room for my ID, keys, extra batteries & CD's
After looking around at the local stores (Fry's and CompUSA) I had just about given up on finding a single case that would offer reasonable protection for my iPod in multiple environments - on my belt and also in exercise, and had resigned myself to having a "skin" type case for just everyday use and then shifting the iPod to an arm band for exercise. Not a particularly great solution - expensive (around $20 for each) and a lot of shifting back and forth to cover both uses.
Then I ran into the DLO Action Jacket at Best Buy, which seemed to cover all my intended uses. Unlike the prior reviewer, I found my 40g iPod fits VERY snugly - absolutely zero slop, and I really like not having to worry about keeping up with more than one case. Also, at $29.95, it's cheaper than the two-case approach. The only criticism I have of this jacket is that when you want to convert from belt clip to sport use you have to snake the band through two loops on the backside of the case and over the little plastic belt clip receiver that protrudes from the back of the case. The process is a little tedious, but the end result is great. The unit feels very secure on my arm and it's easy to forget that it's there.
This jacket is a winner
We've had this printer for almost two years. I do a good amount of printing, both color & b/w. While I do need to do cleanings more often with this printer, mine is not sucking up ink at an unreasonable rate at all. And it is very affordable. Photos don't always print well... the only photo paper I have found to work well with my S530D was very the glossy trial pack that came with it when I bought it. No other photo paper has done well at all, so I suggest theirs. This is the best printer we have had in 10 years, and belive me I've thrown my share out the window! I can offer THIS advice to owners of ANY printers. Always use the power switch ON THE PRINTER to turn it on off, never use the power strip switch, or the switch from properties. For some reason doing so supposedly wastes ink? I don't get it, but I've always followed that advice and this printer has been an absolute gem for us. Good Luck! Jeanni
I,ve seen complaints about the ac adapter you "must" plug in. Hey guys, try it without an outside energy source, I just hope I,m not gonna fry something but it seems to work fine just plugged into a powered USB port. I have a VERY high end system though with wattage to sprare, but no more PCI slots, Damn 7900 512 gtx graphics cards, why do 2 of em have to take up so much room. Oh well, trade offs are a bi---, but a reality and 7 extra USB slots are awfully nice
I am extrememly happy with this one.  For the price, it delivers well.  The voice recorder works well.  My key need was to record lectures and listening to them.  Worked out very well
I've been a gamer for almost 20 years.  This is the best mouse I've ever owned.  It is fast, accurate, well formed and constructed.  I would definitely recommend it.
The DPI adjustment is a nice touch.  I prefer corded mice due to cordless being to heavy, this mouse is just right
I have two seperate units.  One hardwired to my car, and the other is the JVC unit.  I hooked it directly into the audio (aux) ports of my Radio, rather than use an fm station.  It works great, the sound quality is excellent as well - (and my radio is so old it play's 8-tracks!!!!).  I did notice that the unit tends to run a bit warm to hot.  I agree with the previous reviews, that it is something that JVC needs to look into, perhaps it is simply a matter of a "heat sink-er" not being in specs, as yet, I have encountered no problems (having had the JVC unit for 1.5 years)  No matter.  As to the commercial free: Sirius (which I have had a subscription to for the past 4 years) has commercial free radio, though the news stations and a few others do have commercials.  Those stations are clearly defined as being in the commercial block.  The music stations are 100% free of commercial. 
All in all a damn cheap price to pay for avoidance of all those really irritating DJ's, commerical's, and lack of variety in stations!  ~Cheers!
I was about to retire an old standalone DVD recorder, because it would no longer let me create menus or finalize discs.  I bought this lens cleaner and -- voila! -- the recorder is working again.  Super easy to use (it's simply a DVD that you insert into your machine, and the menus tell you what to do).  Highly recommended
IT's a USB hub. All I ask is that it works. It does.
Is it expensive?, yes it is!!!
However, I was conecting my Ipod mini to my speakers with two cables, mini jack cable and power cable and it was very unconfortable to do every day. The dock is a great solution for this issue. Now, I just insert the Ipod mini in the dock. Easy, fast and confortable. Additionaly, I can read easyly the song I am listening to
Quick reader, poor design. It does a great job copying images to my Mac, but the flimsy lid is a piece of poo-poo. It stays on tight, which is good, until you try to open it. The force required to open it pulls the lid completely off making the ball-groove hinges useless. It's only a matter of time until the weak arms containing the hinges snap off, leaving the reader exposed to the elements
I purchased the Adorama Slinger Bag after first purchasing the Tamrac Velocity 5.  The Tamrac bag is a nice bag and can be worn as either a shoulder bag or a waist bag. Unfotunately, it lacked sufficient support when worn as waist bag and did not have an attached pouch to carry a water bottle.  The Slinger Bag addressed both of these deficiencies.  When worn as a waist bag, it also uses the shoulder strap to keep the bag firmly in place which also helps to balance the weight of the bag.  There are two water pouches on the Slinger Bag (which is a real requirement as I live in Arizona).
The Adorama Slinger Bag is a great travel bag. It is light weight and has great utility.  I highly recommend it.
Great for if you are not near a computer and need to charge your Ipo
I've never had any problems with Memorex DVD's or CD's. When I was ordering and read some of the reviews here, I had to go back and look at what I was using to make sure. I've always taken it for granted and only posted this review to counteract some of the negative ones. I don't know why some users are having problems, but these DVD's always worked great for me, and I record on average over one a day
I agree that this drive can be a little slow, but it hasn't caused a problem for me. I keep copies of many files (about 1 GB total) related to a large project at work on mine. When I first copied all the files to the drive it took a couple of minutes, but now I just make changes or updates to the individual files and the write times are short enough that I don't even notice them (just a second or two). I also seemlessly work on the files on both a PC at work and a Mac at home. 
To me the best feature is the reliability. Between my husband and I, we've had several Cruzer Minis in various sizes and each one has worked great, even through accidental abuse. One of his 512 MB drives accidently went through the washing machine. We thought the data was gone, but when it dried out, it worked fine. Just today I found my 2 GB drive at the bottom of the dryer; it had been left in a pocket and had gone through both the washing machine and dryer. Yep, it still worked! I'm buying a new one to replace it (just in case) because I don't know it there might be some long-term effects from the water and heat, but I'll keep using this one for less important applications. Changes are good, though, that it'll never have a problem. These things are amazingly reliable
I recently ordered this for a week long trip I was planning to Olympic National Park.  WOW what a great find.  I didn't have to worry about how many pictures my memory card would hold and could just snap away.  I think it also increased my shutter speed too. I would definitely recommend this to anyone and have actually
I bought these as a gift for my husband to watch TV late at night without disturbing me.  He loves them.  The sound is fine and the headphones are comfortable. 
The Nike+ system has really been a good motivator for me. As a new runner, I need all the motivation and positive reinforcement I can get. The challenges and goals are a good way to keep on track as well.
I didn't buy the Nike+ shoes - I use mine with the Marware Sportsuit Relay set up. It's a great system and a lot cheaper than spending $100 for a pair of running shoes when I already have a couple good pairs in the closet. 
Both products are highly recommended
I've had this card for about 1 1/2 years now and it has performed flawlessly. It has seen thousands of photos (no exaggeration!) on my digital camera and now holds data/mp3s for my palm too. Did you know you can pop your SD card out of a camera and into a palm to view photos? I just learned this. Anyway it's a nice product and I'm about to get another SimpleTech with 512 megs or higher if they have one. If you are new to SD memory, always get more storage than you need because eventually you'll buy something that will use one (camera, handhelds, cell phones, etc. -- note that many cell phones use a smaller "MiniSD")
This is a perfect mp3 player. I had the 40Gb model before this and needed a bit of extra room. You can't ask for anything more than this. It does everything an mp3 player should, and more (podcasts, videos, photos). I bought the 60 a couple of weeks before the 80 was released at the same price. Bad timing on my behalf..
Great price for a 128MB jump drive, works perfectt for my daughters college work, such a good price I bought 
This review pertains specifically to the Targus PAUH217U 4 Port Ultra Mini USB 2.0 Hub. 
The cord is about 2.5 feet long - long enough to reach from my pc, which sits on the ground, to the top of the desk. It has a cable which is split into two USB plugs - one just to transmit data, the second to power the unit. The second plug does not need to be used unless you plan on using some heavy-duty hardware, and if so what are you buying a hub called the ultra mini for anyways? If you insist on trying to run a blow dryer off the thing, then it does have an input for a separate power source, which you will have to buy separately. 
In short, If you have an old school machine with USB ports which are inaccessible /inconvenient to use, this little hub will give you quick access while taking up minimal space on your desk
I bought this card about 10 months ago to go with my Nikon D70 and I've certainly had no regrets. I haven't tried pushing the card to its limits to see how quickly it can write, but it's been plenty fast enough to keep up with me in single-shot mode. The card is always ready when I am. Downloading from the card to computer via my SanDisk Imagemate is fast too.
I like it so much, I'm buying a second one today
Must say that the item was better than I expected. Thanks to the seller and will buy again!!!
I bought this system recently after my Panasonic DVD Surround System broke. I was a little leary about this system since other reviewers have mentioned a hissing noise here on Amazon and other sites for that matter. But I couldn't find anything like this value and decided I could just take it back if I didn't like it. Well, I love it! The sound is great! Subwoofer is awesome! I do not hear a hissing noise at all. This sounds so much better than my Panasonic which broke and that I had paid $100 more for
I have been looking for an easier way to protect the front my my lens without having to either take off my lens hood or trying to fumble around with the lens cap with the hood still on.  Op/Tech came up with the solution!  All you have to do is stretch the proper size hood hat over the hood and everything is protected and ready to go.  Super easy to take off, putting on takes a little more time, but you never miss a picture putting it on anyway.  Basically this is an inexpensive way to add some extra insurance against getting dirt, water, etc on your front element while you are walking around looking for shots.  It is also very flexible and easy to stick in a pouch or pocket when not being used
 I had owned an LG burner and from the time I got it, it never worked right. I must have made 60 or 70 coasters before I decided that it was'nt the media, it was the crappy LG brand burner. I was really afraid because there are so many burners on the market and all of them claim to be good, but as I found out with my LG experience, that is not always true. 
 My brother has an older model Sony burner and although his is slow, it has made a handful of coasters in the 5 years that he has owned it, so I took a chance and purchased the Sony DRU-810A. That was the best decision I could have made. I will never buy another brand burner other that Sony brand. I have had this burner about 7 or 8 months. I am a very heavy burner and I have not made one coaster. 
 One thing I loved about my brother's Sony burner is that I could use any brand of media. The same thing is true of the DRU-810A. I don't have to worry about where the media was manufactured or who the maker is. This burner loves everything. I had looked at the Plextor brand, but I did'nt want to pay $100.00 and I looked at NEC brand, LiteOn, BenQ. etc., but I am so happy that I passed on them all and got the Sony. It burns super fast. Some people say that it is loud, but it's not loud to me.
 I got my burner from Tiger Direct for $50.00. My sister's computer came with a crappy LG brand burner too and for almost 2 years she has not been able to burn at all because she gets nothing but coasters too, so for Christmas I am buying her a Sony DUR-810A so she can finally burn some movies. For my money, this is the best burner bar none.
I bought it for my Canon S3 IS. First I tried it without formatting and fill it up with photos and video and no problems. Then I did the suggested format by Canon and it worked the same: perfect. Fast enough to cope with the demands of the camera; haven't any problem of corruption. 
I've been tempted to buy another one. 
I read the other reviews on this bookholder and wasn't so sure about it.  However, after buying and trying it out, I have no regrets.  Don't know why I waited soo long to get one (dont be like me and wait until you start to feel some neck strain from hours of studying hunched over before buying one).  Although made of plastic, it is very study and has nice rubber feet to keep it from sliding.  The clips on the bottom work very well to keep pages open and you can change how firm or loose you want it to hold.  Unlike other models, this one folds completely flat so you can carry it in your backpack between books.  I have used it mostly for softcover textbooks and have no problem
Look, for a bargain-basement product, what do you expect?  First, you expect it to work, and I can confirm it definitely does work.
When plugged in to USB, it signals XP correctly.  The driver software is very tolerant.  You can install it at any time and there is never a resource conflict or problems with the system recognizing the device.  So installation is a 5 minute process.
Next comes the capture and initial encoding.  Well, the software is a bit lame as far as features and GUI.  Typical.  But it absolutely saves in MPEG2 / DVD format just as you'd need it to for making DVDs of all your Dish Network or PS2 or VHS content.  
The frame rate is full on 30 fps.  It takes an SVIDEO or standard RCA video signal.  Both are just fine in quality.  The resolutions are not that great... but its passable for DVD when you crank it up.  Don't think you can encode some Blu-Ray quality MPEG with this though.
As far as the overall durability of the product, I've literally left mine plugged into the wall and running for about 1 year straight.  It gets hot, but its never so much as flickered or needed reset.  
Bottom line?  This thing is like a kids toy- its cheesy but tough as nails.  Get it for your first analog signal MPEG encoder.  Its a good value.
The cheapest option I found at the time but an excelent pen drive. Small and with a good style
I purchased the 2GB Elite Pro SD card but found out that my older SimpleTech FlashLink card reader is not able to recognize the card under WinXP SP2 with and without the most recent SimpleTech drivers. I don't have another card reader for my computer, but the pictures recorded on it by my digital camera can be viewed on my PDA so I assume that it's the card reader. Shortly afterwards, I also discovered that Kingston makes a combo kit that includes their USB 2.0 SD/MMC reader for a bit less in price than the card alone.
I also noticed the ATP line of 60x and 150x SD cards. I have no experience with their products, but their SD cards are potted versus placed in a plastic shell. They tout their cards as being more rugged and waterproof. I'm very careful and have not had any flash cards fail on me, but with the rising capacities and smaller form factors, I will consider the ATP cards in the future.
I thought when I up graded to the plasma things couldn't get any better I was wrong the wireless is the cherry on top I love this thin
This is a good compact flash card.  This is faster than most cameras can handle so there was no real reason to go with faster cards that are much more expensive. 
GREAT ITEM, POWERED OFF LAPTOP ITS FANS WORK QUIETLY TO KEEP LAPTOP COOL. SO YOU CAN ACTUALLY US YOUR LAP, WITHOUT FEAR OF OVERHEATING YOUR COMPUTER. AN INEXPENSIVE SOLUTION TO PREVENTING COSTLY REPAIRS. WISH I'D PURCHASED EARLIER AS I ALREADY FRIED MY CD/DVD DRIVE AND HAD TO REPLACE THEM. GOOD PRODUCT TARGUS
I purchased the 2GB Elite Pro SD card but found out that my older SimpleTech FlashLink card reader is not able to recognize the card under WinXP SP2 with and without the most recent SimpleTech drivers. I don't have another card reader for my computer, but the pictures recorded on it by my digital camera can be viewed on my PDA so I assume that it's the card reader. Shortly afterwards, I also discovered that Kingston makes a combo kit that includes their USB 2.0 SD/MMC reader for a bit less in price than the card alone.
I also noticed the ATP line of 60x and 150x SD cards. I have no experience with their products, but their SD cards are potted versus placed in a plastic shell. They tout their cards as being more rugged and waterproof. I'm very careful and have not had any flash cards fail on me, but with the rising capacities and smaller form factors, I will consider the ATP cards in the future.
Works like a charm, the Wi-Fi sniffer in the software is definitely a big plus ! You can get details of the connection i.e. connection strength, AP name and etc. Worth every penny 
I purchased this product 2 years back and it is still working without any problem. I use the batteries mostly for my digital camera and have no complaints so far. Highly recommend this product
The initial flash card that came with my camera was far too short to save pictures.  When I went surfing for another flash card with some depth, Amazon really came through for me and the price was excellent. 
My DVD player was ready to be thrown out, until I saw this product on amazon.  My DVD player wouldn't even load a DVD.  It kept saying "please check disc". After loading this disc, my DVD player has worked perfectly ever since.  Don't spent $30 on one of these "clean up discs". This one does the job
This memory card reader worked like a charm for me.  We've used both SD and Sony memory sticks in it with absolutely no problems
This card has all of the memory space required for my personal use. I would recommemd it to others
Overall this is a very good remote.  It replaced 5 of my remotes, which is all except my Bose, which is RF controlled.  It even replaced my Windows Media Center Edition remote and works with my PS2 with no problems.
My negatives for this device are that the layout is a little less comfortable and intuitive than some of my other remotes and the default functions aren't necessarily the most used functions therefore requiring additional time to set-up.  These negative however are more than acceptable when you remember that it works with so many devices.  I am definitely happy with this remote and would undoubtably purchase again
easiest remote to program. has tremendous ability to tweek. will keep recommending to all my customers
After doing a fair amount of Internet research about MP3 players and their features I was under the impression that I would go with an iPod.  Having been in the computer industry for almost 15 years I have never been fond of the Mac and have always been a little biased towards PC's.  This added to my reticence to own a Mac product and the growing complaints about service on the iPod being a 'bit' over priced I forged on.
I started reading through all of the reviews I could find on the Internet and as always, found a wealth of them here on Amazon.  To my dismay all the reviews I could find on product names I knew absolutely trashed the products they were reviewing which scared me immensely.  Thats is, until I got to the iAudio line.  The reviews were almost all positive and the complaints that were present were things I could easily overlook.  I love the control, I am big guy with big hands and I have rarely, if ever, pushed the control and not had the result I was intending.
I have had my iAudio X5 for over a month and I have nothing bad to say in the least.  I am an avid Linux user and it works flawlessly with Linux, the sound quality is phenomenal, except the ear buds that came with mine have a lot of static in them so get rid of those.  The FM tuner is great (you wont get that on an iPod).  I travel a lot and I pipe my X5 through my car stereo using a cassette tape converter plugged into the stereo out port.
What else can I say, this is a great product with great features and it looks good too!  I also bought a case from zCover which fits the purpose but I think that as time goes on some better more versatile cases will come to market.
A Satisfied Custome
I bought this keyboard originally for the LCD screen and the wide range of possibilities that exist with programming it for various games I play.  I was suprised to learn that this is more than a pretty keyboard with an LCD hanging off of it.  It's the best-feeling keyboard I've ever owned.  The keys take just the right amount of pressure to operate, and the switch to disable the windows key is a welcome feature.  The backlighting is bright, day or night, and the programmable G-keys make executing complicated key combinations in games or business applications a thing of the past.  Highly recommended
This is a great piece of hardware, the wireless rear speakers was a big selling point for me. But in my apartment I would like to have more control over the subwoofer speaker, it's volume slider is hidden in a settings menu there is no separate knob for it on the speaker itself. The bass sound from subwooferis overbearing at default. The other thing is that I would like to be able to have better control over the sound itself with an equalizer. That's not going to happen with this system, you can't change that easily. And yes the 5 disk changer is slow. The maximum volume setting doesn't seem that loud to me, but then I have the decibal settings at default. All the sound quality you expect from a theater system is here, it has all the flavors. Hooking it up to an xbox directly didnt work the way I'd like it too, but I only tried RCA and not the digital. I have a sony 32" Wega and I had the xbox patch to it and then routed to the DAV-FX100 reciever. That works like a charm, even with 5.1 sound from XBOX. One huge complaint I have is the shielding for the mid and left and right front speakers are not the best. I see a bit of haze from the magnetic fields from both the front 3 speakers, even had to elevate my center channel for fear that would permanently damage the tube on my TV. There is mention of this problem in the manual but that should be on the front page not the middle of the manual! Beware! Four Stars
I used Lexar Media Multi Card REader in my P2120 Fujitsu laptop via a USB 2 PC-Card adapter.  It's truly plug-and-play without any need of drivers in Windows XP
I like to purchase service or replacement contracts on all my electronics needs, just set back and relax....YOUR COVERED. 
If you are looking for an inexpensive iPod, then I would recommend this. 
You will appreciate this product only if you don't have enough USB ports. In my case, I had plenty of ports, but needed an extension cable, which would help me in plugging the flash drives, whithout bending down and plunging into the cave of wires(I keep my CPU, under the table).The only complaint I have is the the wire lenght is not long enough.
Overall good value for price
First, I would buy it again if I needed to.  This 15" takes up less space on the kitchen counter, i.e., speakers are on the bottom. Second, picture and sound are excellent, i.e, clear.
I would not buy this item if I wanted a true VESA mount to monitor configuration.  The stand, not the monitor, has the screw holes for the VESA wall mount.  Not enough or clear info in the description. However, it is just as easy to turn on the counter as on the wall.  If you need counter space then buy something else.
I bought the intuos 6x11 pen tablet couple weeks ago and I use it
almost every day so far so good, I don't expect to have any problems with it.
I used to have a small wacom graphire and I used for years then unfortunately the pen broke so now I own a new one 
the only advice I can give to you is to keep it clean, wipe it out every now and then with a wet cloth 
jo
I love my 2 GB SD memory card. I use it all the time and have had no problems with it
Alot Better Then Wrapping The Neck Strap Around Your Arm Or Hand...
It Really Depends On What Kind Of Photography You Do. I Shoot At Night Clubs And Weight Can Add Up. I Have A Canon Rebel XT, Hand Grip With 2 Batties, Canon 550EX Flash, And 50mm F/1.4 Or 17-40mm F/2.8
It Feels Alot Better Using The Hand Strap...
I have burned over 100 of these in the past 6 months, I have only had 1 burn badly.  Haven't found a dvd player yet that they won't play in
I recently purchased this item and I am very happy with its performance and quality. I use it daily in the gym it delivers excellent sound and you dont even realize you have it on due to its light weight
These boxes are half the size of regular cases, just right--not too bulky like the regular ones
I recently purchased this item for my wife who has a small office.  the reception on this unit is great.  Bieng in a steel building she is able to get all the local radio stations. The sound quality on it is perfect for a small room considering the price range it is in.  If you are looking for a booming sound this is not for you but it will provide a solid quality sound. 
This is an awesome tablet! It has great pressure sensitivity and the pen allows for fantastic freehand drawing in programs like illustrator, photoshop and painter. The pen is a more natural feeling tool to use in these applications than a mouse. The size of the tablet allows you to get into greater detail without having to zoom in all the time.
This device is great for carriying around with your camera, you can review and share the pictures with any PC with USB available, data can also be recorded and easily recovered.
I bought a 1GB with my new camera because I was giving my other camera and it's 256 memory card to my sister.  The smaller card would fill quickly and I'd have to develope the pictures or deleat them.  I paid about $9.00 more for my card in Sept., and thought that was a deal.  Now, you can get this card for $20.00.  That's a steal for a 1 GB.  also, I like the little case provided to keep the card safe when I take it to the store to develope the pictures.  Love it
These batteries have been awesome.  My digital camera uses 4 of them at a time and they last for 100's of photographs.  Flash recharge is very quick.  Highly recommended
I've been using these earbuds for several months now, and they're far better than the ones that come with the iPod. They're more comfortable, and there's so much more bass, although as everyone else pointed out you have to push them way into your ears to get the bass.
My pair has gone through the washing machine twice and the dryer once, and they still sound just as good as the day I got them! (I did have to glue one of the earpieces back together, though.) I thought I'd certainly destroy them by getting them wet, but these things are industrial strength
I am a mild audophile, and I love these headphones. They have great base response, treble, and isolation. If you listen to music on the bus on train while listening for your stop, don't get get these! You won't be able to hear a thing outside of the music
You may as well pitch the instructions because they're worthless (and the only reason I'm not giving a 5-star rating for the ADS Tech Video Xpress).  I was about ready to pitch the product as well, after losing two evenings trying to figure out how to get it to work.  Ultimately, I gave up on relying solely on the program it came with, and I instead opted to try it on my Windows Movie Maker.  Yahoo!  Perseverance paid off!  Once I switched to Movie Maker, this tool worked great!  
To date, I've converted about a dozen videos of content to computer files that I was able to burn to DVDs.  I just leave my Xpress hooked up to the back of my television so I don't have to try to remember later how to hook it up again.  Doing that, I can connect my laptop to the Xpress and start the video converting process within 3-4 minutes.  My Movie Maker program takes over the entire process.  
The ADS Tech Video Xpress has been especially useful for me because I teach a college telecourse and often show edited video clips to my students.  Before purchasing Xpress, I had crudely edited videos that I was reluctant to use; my videos had lots of amateur stop/start points.  Using Movie Maker with Xpress, I was able to download these videos to my laptop, then easily edit them so transitions between stop and start points became smooth and seamless.  
Pretty cool.  I'm glad I took a chance on this product!
Below are hook-up and program instructions I've written to myself for easy reference later.  Hopefully they'll be of more help to you than the instructions that come with this product:
First, hook up the Video Xpress equipment as follows:
1.  S-cable (buy one, since it doesn't come with the VideoXpress) goes from the back of your television to the VideoXpress.  
2.  Use red/white/yellow cords running into the back of the VCR/DVD that is hooked up to your televion as follows:
- all three plug into the "video out" column
- all three plug into the VideoXpress tool at the other end.  
3.  The USB plug for the VideoXpress tool plugs into the back of the computer.
Next, open the Instant Video Xpress program and verify the settings are as follows:
- "NTSC M" for the video standard setting
- "640 x 480" and "60 FPS (VGA)" for video format
- "DVD, VCR, TV" for video source
- "Video composite" for video input
Under the program advanced settings:
- Low motion (TV, VCD, DVD)
- CPU support: "SSE3"
- Stereo system: "MTS"
- Video decoder: "video standard: NTSC_M"
Under properties within the program advanced settings:
- Stream format:  Video format: "NTSC_M"
- Frame rate: "59.940"
- Color space/compression: "YUY2"
- Outputs size: "640x480"
Finally, CLOSE the Instant Video Xpress program.  (Windows Movie Maker can't access the video until this program is closed.  And yes, it's silly to have to open it, make those setting changes, then close it, but Video Xpress won't work correctly unless you follow those setting steps.)
In case you need this information for Windows Movie Maker, the steps (in order) are as follows:
Under "File," click on "capture video."
Use the following settings:
- audio device set at: "USB2.0 Analog Audio Device"
- Video input source set at: "Composite"
Under Configure Video Capture Device:
- Video format: Video standard: "NTSC_M"
		   Frame rate: "29.970"
		   Color space/compression: "YUY2"
		   Output size: "640x480"
Under Camera settings:
- Deinterlace method: "Low motion (TV, VCD, DVD)"
- CPU support: "SSE3"
- Stereosystem: "MTS"
Under Video decoder: Video standard: "MTSC_M"
Signal detected: "1"
Lines detected: "525"
Then...
Give the file a name and indicate where to save it
Set it for "best quality" for playback.
Then "Start Capture."
If the Video Xpress is hooked up and running correctly, you should see on your computer monitor the video image of whatever is showing on television, but you will NOT hear the sound.  When you finish capturing and play it back, THEN you'll hear the sound.
I know, I know -- clear as mud.  But hey, it's better than the Xpress instructions!  :-
Its really works fine for my items as well as my son's toys. We both  are happy with this
I have been using Memorex dvd-r blank media for more than a year and have gotten fine recordings with my new dvd player/recorder.  Not all of my recordings were successful, no product I know is 100% perfect, but the majority have been successful with Memorex dvd blank media.
This 50-pack spindle was purchased from Amazon because I know I can rely on them to give you the best in quality and value plus free shipping.   Moreover, I have never really been disappointed with anything purchased from Amazon.   
After trying many dvd-r blank media, I found Memorex dvd-r spindles to be affordable and reliable for a better than average performance.
Not quite as powerful as I was hoping for, but the sound is alright and in a small room it'll do fine.
Careful, there is no plug-in at the back, so you can only connect MP3 or auxiliary stuff through the little front jack.
Otherwise it's easy to use and pretty cool-looking... ideal for quiet listening, lame if you host a big party and need loud stuff
The pro and cons described by other reviews are valid. I was specifically looking for a boombox that has cassette, mp3, cd and radio capability. So didn't have much of an option but to get this one. I am impressed with the sound quality but agree that there could have been improvements related to interface and some of the functionality. Overall I think its a good buy.
I LOVE this arm band. I have had it for about 6 months now. You dont have to take your iPOD out of the arm band to charge it or to hook it up to your computer. I also only use my iPOD for the gym, so its nice that this arm band provides great protection (better than iPOD's armbands because it fits snugly and wont scratch it when you put it on) as well as not coming off while working out.
I bought the 128MB card 8-9 mnths ago. At first didnt notice it but the usable memory kept getting smaller! Finally it gave a 'Error Reading Card'  message and stopped working. Customer service at Viking was very very helpful and prompt. They replaced the card is 7 days. They also tried to retrieve some of the images that I had considered 'lost' in the card and sent me a CD with the images on it! I was impressed with the excellent support, but not too impressed that the card died so early in its life. Would I buy it again? Yes but likely go for keeping a backup card on hand at all times as well
I'm very happy with this desktop system.  Great sound, great reception, great price
I am very pleased with this item. It is fits comfortably, holds my CD player snugly and has room for my ID, keys, extra batteries & CD's
(Note to Brian: The WAP54G *can* be configured as a bridge. I have two of them in just such a configuration. Took me about 10 minutes to set them up.)
Major modes of operation are:
1. Wireless Access Point (its default set-up)
2. Wireless Client (connect a wired ethernet device via cable to the WAP54G and you now have a wireless ethernet device)
3. Wireless Repeater (extend range of wireless coverage)
4. Wireless Bridge (connect two ethernet networks without running a cable between them -- acts as one end of a "virtual" cable; you need two to get the job done)
A pair of wireless bridges is just what I needed but hesitated to buy the WAP54G because of Brian's comment that this wouldn't work. Because of my newness to the wireless world it took a bit of investigation to come to the conclusion that Brian was wrong. I bought a pair and they do work.
I rate it 4 instead of 5 stars for a few reasons.
1. I understand that higher-end, more expensive, equipment can be had with more range than this box. Gotta leave some room to rate more powerful equipment!
2. One must dig very deeply into the users guide (a PDF on the CD) to find the default IP address in order to configure this device. Luckily I had read elsewhere what that IP address is (192.168.1.245). Other manufacturers make this info readily available, even going so far as printing it on the device itself. This will be critical info to any Linux user. Also, the users guide says that the default userid for logging in is "admin". Well, it's not. The only allowed userid is an empty field. This had me going for a few minutes.
3. Something that 99% of the world won't care about -- I like to have more access to the firmware. For example other Linksys products allow one to telnet to the box and do low-level analysis of the box and the network it's attached to. I think there are third-party firmware loads that enable this
This card is the 2 GB Ultimate 120X  It has a tested write speed 120 times 150kb/sec which exceeds 18 mb per second.  Frequently card manufacturers advertise their read speed, which is always much faster. Analyze your file size for pictures you take and the speed in mb/sec will tell you how many of those pictures you can store in one second.
That impacts time between pictures. For cameras, write speed is the most important, but the speed rating of the card doesn't necessarily tell you its write speed.  For music players and other devices, read speed may be more important.  So you might choose a different card depending on whether you intend to use it to play music or take pictures.  I'm currently shopping for SD cards for a camera with the capability to shoot 3 pictures per second with large file sizes.  In order not to slow the camera down, I need a fast card.  I have done some research and realized that the reviews here aren't necessarily even related to this particular card, but are for all different sizes and speeds of Kingston cards. Kingston has been in the memory business for a long time and they are conservative in their ratings.  This card is #1 on my list right now because of its tested write speed
I bought this memory card for my camera sd500.  At first, I was very dispointed when I only see 1gb on my laptop.  After googled around, I realized I need to update my laptop sd reader driver to recognized sd card that is over 1gb.  I'm able to see full 2gb after driver update.  Just make sure you update your device/laptop firmware/driver first
 Same as everybody else, I ordered mine a couple of days back and it hasn't shipped...I want it!!!!!
Cool! I can expand my-single-USB-port-laptop more flexible.
From single peripheral to be quadruplet. I can plug Flashdisk, mouse, external and digital camera in same time. Worth money for usefull gadget
I first saw these speakers at the Apple store, and i really liked the sound and the look.  I went on amazon and found a better price and i couldnt be happier with them.  As long as you have a decent soundcard, these speakers really are great.  i have had no problem with them at all, they look really cool, they're loud, they're small, the woofer gives you a lot of bass (which you can turn down), and the sound from the speakers is clear.  buy these
What else do you need to know? You plug in your PCs and a cable to your router - and go. I used a Netgear hub for years. Replaced it with this Linksys switch and my network speed improved immediately
It's speedy and space saving and inexpensive. I bought this to replace my Belkin because the Belkin needed to be plugged in. This one is powered by your computer so there's no extra power cords, which is a big plus to me. 
The only thing I dislike about this is the fact that the Hub takes up two Usb ports instead of just one like the Belkin. 
You will appreciate this product only if you don't have enough USB ports. In my case, I had plenty of ports, but needed an extension cable, which would help me in plugging the flash drives, whithout bending down and plunging into the cave of wires(I keep my CPU, under the table).The only complaint I have is the the wire lenght is not long enough.
Overall good value for price
The mouse is perfect for games. I use it to play ET and is great. The software provided by Logitech is configurable in all ways
I wanted a non-iPod digital music player, and found this to be a terrific option.  It plays a number of different formats, and includes a lanyard, which is nice when commuting on the train, or for plane travel.  I have only used alkaline batteries so far, and have had excellent battery life.  The menu takes an hour or 2 of playing with to learn, but once you get familiar with the buttons and menu, it's pretty easy.  I have also enjoyed the built in FM tuner, and have not any trouble with reception, even on a moving commuter train.  The sound quality is very good.  I've been using 128 bitrate MP3 songs so far.  The software for transferring music is pretty easy to use, although I did have a little trouble getting the player to be recognized as connected, which seemed to be some kind of order of connections issue.  The included earbuds aren't the most comfortable, especially since I already lost the foam padding, but I will probably get a better pair anyway.  They do sound good though.  Also, the included cases are pretty cheesy and I didn't even bother with them.
A little hint:  One thing I did not like was that because of the location of the on button, the unit can fairly easily be turned on when you have it stored in a bag or pocket.  To combat this, simply turn the Hold on.  The unit won't turn on accidentally when it's on
I've had this device for two years.  Just today I sent it through the wash cycle of my laundry (not on purpose).  The thing still works!! I will not, however, try sending it into the dryer though beause I'm pretty sure that would fry this thing
I,ve seen complaints about the ac adapter you "must" plug in. Hey guys, try it without an outside energy source, I just hope I,m not gonna fry something but it seems to work fine just plugged into a powered USB port. I have a VERY high end system though with wattage to sprare, but no more PCI slots, Damn 7900 512 gtx graphics cards, why do 2 of em have to take up so much room. Oh well, trade offs are a bi---, but a reality and 7 extra USB slots are awfully nice
I was about to retire an old standalone DVD recorder, because it would no longer let me create menus or finalize discs.  I bought this lens cleaner and -- voila! -- the recorder is working again.  Super easy to use (it's simply a DVD that you insert into your machine, and the menus tell you what to do).  Highly recommended
Just a note to those who've been having trouble opening these cases, without breaking them. If you use an emory board to slightly sand the top knob which is holding the case together, you'll be able to open and close it ok. Don't sand too much, and just do the top knob, or it won't hold together. I like the fact that these cases are clear and fairly inexpensive, so I wanted to make them work. Hope it works for you
The CF card works fine but it's response is kind of slow compaired to the 32MB CF card came with my Canon Powershot A95. I got this card 3 weeks ago and so far their hasn't been any problems.
I do all my burning on a standard Windows Media player, and it's almost entirely data and music, no video. For my purposes, these CD's sound great. In some cases, it actually seems like the discs have enhanced the sound spectrum somewhat. That may be a trick my ears are playing on me but, nevertheless, I'm a big fan of the Memorex. And they're a steal if you catch the sale price. Recommended
When I buy flash memory, I consider price, speed, manufacturer and vendor. I got this particular memory stick for a SonyEricsson w810i phone. I paid extra to get it from Amazon (no they don't always have the best price). This way I am confident that I can return it if I got the wrong one or have a problem with it.
The card works fine in my phone, and since I have a USB cable that hooks up to the phone, I don't have to be concerned about removing the card to use a card reader. I have not yet experienced any problems with Sandisk memory products.
I am told that the Sandisk sticks are faster than Sony's, but I have no way to confirm this, nor do I know if my phone (mp3 player, camera) is able to take advantage of faster speeds. The longest process is transferring music to the phone, and I wasn't in a hurry anyway.
This stick comes with an adapter to use with the older memory stick format, so I can use the 128mb stick that I replaced in my Sony Camcorder (which had a 4mb stick in it. No, it's not a typo. It's actually a 4 megabyte memory stick)
These earphones are incredible! They are comprised of excellent bass and treble. You experience everything much nicely. These earphones compared to the iPod headphones are excellent unlike those raggety things. I bought these from ebay for $8 and for that amount of price, you can't regret buying these sensational earphones
Just my two cents, I bought these from the sony store for $15 bucks two years ago, they've lasted me this long for light office use, so at $7/year, this seems to be a good budget earphones.  I'm not an audiophile, so I don't need expensive earphones.  However they did eventually die on me where the cable connects to the jack, the wires got loose and the sound just stopped.  Moral of the story: don't twist or touch the wires/cable.
Pros:  lightweight, budget-oriented, comfortable fit for my ears
Cons:  eventually broke, cheap earphone covers will get lost easil
Muy pero muy bueno, es mejor todavia que el primer dvd que salio de esta gira
Just some specs missing from amazon's description:
USB 2.0 CompactFlash Reader
Small and travels with ease
LED status indicator indicates when files are being transferred 
Data transfer speeds up to 480Mb/s 
Backward compatible with USB 1.1 
Ships with removable USB 2.0 cable 
Features 
Designed for large data transfers, like images, music and video 
Data transfer 5 to 6 times faster than using USB 1.1 
Portable - weighs only 1.5 ounces 
Protective cover case keeps reader pins away from external hazards 
Compatible with Windows 2000/ME/XP and Mac OS X and 9.1 
No drivers required with most current operating systems
2-year Limited Warranty 
If you snap shots in burst mode, or if you want to take pictures at sporting events, fast cards like those are the way to go.
Almost no lag, large capacity, lifetime warranty, no complaints
I purchased several of these cards .... they work great and as advertised. The D200 has a memory buffer ... but these are still FAST cards!  I have used them in the D70 as well. 
Sandisk, leader in this kind of technology products sure do not come short with this one. It works excellent on my phone Samsung t609.I would have bought a 1GB but the phone manufacturer do not recomend it, so bear that in mind. For pictures the resolution at close range and bright light is just excellent. For music as an MP3, lots of memory and room to fill as well as for video. Data and in general is terrific...just like I said Sandisk leads the competition and also seems to be the the standard card for just about any product that requires this kind of card. I will most definitely and undoubtely will not accept substitutions. Only Sandisk is extremely reliable. Personal experiences with these products proof it repeatledly. 
I use the memory card in my Samsung d807 phone.  Works perfecty
For the Price, I doubt you could do better.  True, there are higer-end devices out there that will improve your picture to the pinnacle of performance, but if all you're after is a significant improvement in the quality of EVERY channel and DVD you watch, you can't beat the ADS for it's price. The biggest flaw is the device's inability to deal with program material that has excessive light or white backgrounds, where the device either creates artifacts or attempts to correct resolution causing my Philips Plasma set to black-out for moments.  This aside, I'm very happy with the ADS, especially it's under $300 price.  One day maybe I'll upgrade to a unit by DVDO, but not until they come don to the sub-$500 range
The one in our bedroom wouldn't always work, couldn't hear the kids calling.  I was unplugging my laptop charger at the same time someone was calling and discovered the charger was filtering the voice.  Both my Dell charger and Thinkpad charger had the same effect, even without the laptop plugged into the charger.  If your having problems, I would start with unplugging other things first.
Overall, these have been a Godsend, wife no longer has to scream at the kids across the entire house.  Used to drive me crazy
This is a nice product,i buught it beacause i needed to play DVDs from foreign country and my fancy "sony" dvd vcr player can't read them but this little thing can,it reads all the standards i'm glad i've got it. 
I was burned by another company with I bought their product and they didn't offer a replacement plan.  The item died and no one can repair it
Great price for a 128MB jump drive, works perfectt for my daughters college work, such a good price I bought 
I used to buy Energizers and Duracells at $3-4 a pop for four batteries.  Now I buy generic Alkalines at Costco.  Cost: $8 for 10 four packs.  It's like having a battery store in the kitchen drawer.  According to a recent coprehensive story in Consumer Reports, there is only a little difference between name brand and generic alkaline batteries
You will appreciate this product only if you don't have enough USB ports. In my case, I had plenty of ports, but needed an extension cable, which would help me in plugging the flash drives, whithout bending down and plunging into the cave of wires(I keep my CPU, under the table).The only complaint I have is the the wire lenght is not long enough.
Overall good value for price
I bought this model in order to be rid of my almost-new Sony MHCEC70 with its faulty ergonomics and detestable tuner.  Having once owned an earlier PM-series model, this new Panasonic was the obvious choice and it does not disappoint.  Like its predecessor, the PM53 is a nice, powerful compact stereo with (for the money) ridiculously nice audio quality and a good tuner, especially on the FM band.  It can easily be turned up load enough to cause hearing damage and annoy neighbors in adjacent houses.  The remote covers every function and is easy enough to figure out without consulting the manual.  
Right now, this is the budget stereo of choice for the discerning.  Sony's competing models are cheesy-looking (hog attention on store shelves,) bigger (i.e., take more materials/cost more to ship,) and consequently suffer certain cost-cutting measures like the aforementioned crappy tuner and simplified (and of course, proprietary) antenna connector.  It's like choosing between the Pontiac and the Toyota.  The Sony is for the unwashed rubes who want 300 watts of mylar-coated bling.  The Panasonic is for people who want something that makes pleasant sounds and looks like the rest of the furniture. 
Bag is attractive and very sturdy.  The computer fits securely and is well padded.  I recently used it on a trip and was able to place other carry on items in it and it traveled well
Drive got to me timly, installed per instructions, and works wel
picture sound all great. the only problem is that you must have an advanced degree in english,engineering,and computer science to set the television up.  without my cable company making a house call setup is impossibl
This mount is nicely designed and well-made; it fit the TV perfectly. Our only criticism is that the screws provided for attaching it to the wall were of poor quality. The heads stripped out right away and it took a trip to the hardware store to get replacements
I read some of the reviews about installation issues and they concerned me initially. But, when it came time to get the printer up and running on my wireless network, there really weren't any issues. Just following the directions (and avoiding the EasySecure option) worked fine. I would highly recommend this printer-the quality of the printing is excellent, the feature/function set is quite high for a moderate price, and it's a great home/office printer that has lots to offer.
Maybe beginning ones were a bad batch? Had mine months now and it works great. Everything it says, it does. No problems  keeping it in the system and did not cause any errors.
The CS70 is an excellent product, easy to setup and use and good battery life
Great memory card for the price.  I would highly recommen
This xD memory card works perfectly with my camera Fujifilm Finepix F650. Good buy for the price
I bought this because I did not want to mount my Garmin 350 Nuvi to the windshield. This device makes is much easier to switch the unit to different cars. I drove normally and the unit did not slide around on my dashboard. I can also mount the unit on a center console and it works there too. Please note that this is a complete unit for portable mounting and it is much cheaper than buying the sandbag & mounting arm separately
I have had my Handspring Visor Deluxe for 5...yes, FIVE years (actually longer).  While I take decent care of it, it has taken care of me.  My doctor has one too...exactly like mine and we often talk about how perhaps they should be replaced, but the darn thing is still working great and does everything we need it to.  I finally ordered a new PDA with all the capabilities of my laptop and am passing this one on to someone else who needs it. (I'm not selling it...good karma)  
Down to business - the Handspring Visor Deluxe is not the creme de la creme anymore.  But in its day it was.  Great product and if you don't need the bells and whistles (or color display)...go for this.  Totally flawless.  People often complain about the styli of other PDAs.  No complaints here.  Not only is it relatively comfortable, it is stainless tipped with plastic on both ends (doesn't break) and it stays securely in place when you store it in the device.  I literally lost my ORIGINAL stylus just a few days ago.  
The display is not as easy to read as the new super crisp glossy screens that are out now, but if you need a basic device with a few bells and whistles that are thrown in for fun (heck, a good deal of the new ones don't have IR)... go for it.  And for the price I just saw it listed for on Amazon ($85) it's a total steal.  Great product
The item works perfectly if you do not place it near other mechanical devices, i.e. TV, air purifier, elec. clock, etc.  Fortunately it hasn't alerted us yet so that will remain to be experienced.  You have to turn it a
number of directions until you get the best reception, then leave it in that  position
This is the best value you can get. Awesome picture with 10,000:1 Contrast Ratio. My XBOX 360 looks amazing with 1080i resolution. Definitely worth the money. You would not be disappointed with this TV.
I got this on sale for $80 and i love it. It holds about 300 songs, gets plenty loud, has amazingly good battery life, and takes all my abuse. I play it at least 2 hours a night, if not all night, its my alarm in the morning, i listen to it in the car, on the bus, before school, during lunch, ok how bout his i use it a ton. I never leave home without it its small, easy and comfortable to hold, and it wont die if you drop it. Wiht my previous player I had an issue with it erasing all the songs and i know other people who have had that issue with other players but this one hasn't let me down yet. O & one big plus the battery back is attached so it will never dissapear
I bought this to record interviews done primarily on the phone and it's worked beautifully. Clear and easy to use. Once downloaded onto my computer I used the Olympus transcription package to transcribe the interviews. This allowed me to listen on headphones, control the progression (and backtracking)of the interview with a foot pedal and keep both hands on the keyboard to type quickly. This voice recorder plus the transcription package dramatically cut the amount of time I had to take trascribing the interviews. Well worth the price. I'd recommend this combo highly, especially to other journalists.
I've been very pleased with this external drive-500GB. My only comments would be that at first the drive was a little 'hit or miss' with mounting on the desktop but a restart would always fix it. Now it seems to always mount. Its all automatic so no need to ever touch the drive. The other thing would be that it could use one more FireWire 400 port (there is only one). I don't use 800 yet so I need to daisy it off of my SmartDisk FireLite that happens to have 2. All in All-Get this drive
Solid product.  Headphone/speaker jack on my laptop died and manufacturer wanted $40 just to cover shipping fees to have it fixed!  I bought this great little unit instead for under $30.  Good audio.  Actually, it saved my laptop once too, laptop fell from 2-3 feet but landed right on the rubberized Turtle Beach Micro, which took most of the force.  It was bent 90 degrees at the USB connector but it still worked!  Proof of solid construction..
This is our first LCD TV.  Our tube TV finally died.  My wife actually picked out this unit and Consumer Reports also recommended this unit.  We purchased it directly from AMAZON on January 23, 2007.  I wanted to wait a couple of months before I write my review to see if anything happens. But to my surprise the TV is still running and there have been no problems.  We have digital HD and the pictures are great.  It took me a couple of weeks to get use to watching tv with such sharp color and contrast.  However, if you are watching normal digital programming you may not be too happy as it is flat.  But overall its a good buy for us
I researched TVs for a long time before I ended up buying this set.  It helped that Costco offered a coupon for $300 off the price ($1000 final price).   I thought I may not like the TV, so I decided to buy in person as opposed to online to help with a potential return.  However, there is no way I am returning this TV; it's awesome.  The picture is great, and that is just with SD.  The Strech feature makes the regular 4:3 picture fit the screen and not look distored.  I was worried about buying the 37" TV and then having to watch with the black bars on the sides to avoid distortion.  But there is no need with this TV since Sharp has figured out how to strech the picture without distortion.  DVDs look incredible on this TV as well.   What is even better is the built-in HD tuner.  I was debating upgrading my cable to the HD package, but I decide to spend $13 on "rabbit ears" from Target.  Oh my, once I plugged in the indoor antenna and let the TV track for digital stations I was amazed.  The analog station popped up like a fierce snowstorm in winter, but when I went up to the HD digital companion station, I couldn't believe my eyes.  An incredible HD picture with the rabbit ears set on my desk...indoors no less!   Why would I upgrade my cable TV to the HD package when they can't offer the local stations in HD?  Especially when they are FREE with a simple antenna!  I was told this was possible, but quite frankly I was skeptical.  Not anymore, I am so glad I got the Sharp that has the built-in tuner.  I seriously considered just buying the HD ready TV monitor and upgrade through my cable provider.  Boy am I glad that I didn't do that.  If you are in the market for a very nice TV that is easy to use and provides a great picture, I would highly recommend this set. 
This is a great product. It was easy to mount and looks great. The only thing that could make it better is if it let the tv rest closer to the wall, but from what I have seen they all sit out from the wall about two inches. I have a 32" LCD mounted on it and it seems pretty heavy for the mount so I always try to keep it closer to the wall, but every time I come home my wife has it extended all the way and swung over 45 degrees. This hasn't caused any problems and I'm sure this is well within its design strength. 
Highly Reccommended
This is a high quality, precision made piece. I'm very particular about the construction of things that I buy and this Peerless arm more than met my expectations. It was easy to attach to the back of my 32" LCD television and equally easy to mount to the wall. I read a review of another arm where the buyer complained that there were many pieces to assemble. Not so here. Everything is assembled except for the mounting plates that attach to the back of the screen. All hardware is included along with clear, complete instructions. I'd be surprised if you could find something better
Pros:
Like a quality piano, the keys give a sense of weight, the bend in the keyboard tool some getting used too but now am typing a full speed.  The mouse offers great control, though I haven't much used all the buttons that are one the form.
Cons:
The only gotcha is if the computer freezes, there is no way to control-alt-delete.  Also, Setting the favorite keys to non microsoft items tends to reset after updates and restarts
One warning for users with over head lights.  The 6000 keyboard that has tranparent (light gray) keys is very hard to read if the lighting is not quite right.  I have a light directly above my desk  and the reflected glare off the keys makes all the letters and numbers disappear.  Go for a black key or similar model
After going through nearly 6 mouses (including several of the Microsoft mouses), I settled on this because its round contuour shape and large effective button area that extend very far back. It also works with my KVM switch, which is a key consideration. The buttons are a bit stiff but I expect them to "loosen" up a bit after some use. I highly recommend this mouse
They are everything the other reviewers said they were, and I, too, can't wait until the printing is darker and in color!  Wish it didn't take so long to print and hope the darker images and color only require an upgrade
I used two 12 foot cables with a coupler for a 24 foot PCM connection between my satellite receiver and my home theater system.  The Dolby 5.1 is excellent
this is one of the best in its class for the low price. quick, and responsive, and very convenient for a frequent web browser. the back and forward buttons on it work like a charm and are perfect for the web
Replaced my old 22" Cinema Display that was 5 years old. What a difference. Clear screen, flawless finish, solid and adjustable stand. Easy hook-up, it took longer to clean the dust off my computer than hook this up!
I got this monitor along with a keyboard. When I get home I plug my laptop into both and I have a huge screen to do my work on. The colors are terrific, the mouse works seamlessly across the laptop screen and the big auxilliary screen. Wish I had done this a long time ago
Just remember to use the proper cable, Cat 5e or Cat 6
Like so many other small home office users, I have recently upgraded my network to 1000mpbs to help increase productivity.  Unfortunately, I originally purchased a GigE 8 port switch from another mfg. that used a fan on their switch, a VERY noisy fan.  After a month of listening to what sounded like an airplane engine, I tossed that unit and purchased this 8port Netgear GigE unit.  It is SILENT.  Basically a plug and play item due to its unmanaged nature, I have had good data thru put and no problem.  It comes with a small clip on stand for vertical storage if desired.  The unit is finished in an attractive gray and chrome exterior.  It is also small enough to live on a desktop with sucking up valuable real estate.
So, if you are looking for a switch that will not be stored remotely in some closet, this is the one that will keep the peace in your office. A+ ****
I have this radio for two weeks now.  I am very satisfied with the reception of AM, FM and Short Wave -- very sensitive.  Has great sound.  The only negative is the lack of being able to preset the stations.  Would buy the radio again - worth the money
How can  you go wrong with a price so low. They're good for both parents and kids to use. Not to mention they're easy for young kids to operate! Keep in touch
     This card, using VIA's superb Envy24 HT chipset, is a huge improvement over my Realtek and VIA Envy24HT-S based cards.  Everything sounds better.  
     My old Audigy 2 platinum (which I think I shall melt) did better in 3D games, but only slightly. Since this card doesn't snap, crackle, and pop like the Creative cards do, I'll venture to say that it actually DOES make games better, since there are no weird noises distracting from the feel of the game.
     PROS:
* Very high audio sampling rates, allowing for incredibly good audio production; warm, rich, warm bass all the way up to crystal clear highs.
* No crackling, popping, or hissing!  A real joy after pulling my hair out for years trying to figure out why Creative Labs cards keep doing this.
* Well-maintained, solid drivers.
* Supports EAX 2.0
* Excellent ASIO support.
     CONS:
* No hardware support for DirectSound; however, if your machine is faster than about 1GHz, you probably won't notice the difference.  Benchmark your results on a machine made in the last three years and you'll find that no hardware DirectSound acceleration amounts to *less* than a 1% difference in speed.
* Only supports up to EAX 2.0, due to Creative Labs refusing to license the technology.  Sound difference is minimal, though
I'm using this Monster cable to connect my iPod to my receiver via an iPod dock and it works flawlessly.  Sound is crisp and clear.  Plus, it's a lot cheaper than getting the actual Monster iPod AV cable.  The length of the cable makes it convenient but not too cumbersome.  It's a great way to increase the functionality of your iPod
Within about 12 seconds of opening the box I was listening to my IPOD on my home stereo.  Wires are well made.
There may be cheaper options that work as well but these will last forever
I ordered a pair of these online, a bit nervous as I wasn't ever able to hear them (I heard a pair of JBL SP6C's, the cheaper version, at Best Buy, and wasn't all that impressed, although it might have been the poor listening environment).  
Anyway, the speakers arrived, we installed them (they look great and inconspicuous in our living room ceiling) and I'm quite impressed.  Note that we're using these for "whole-house" background music, not home theater, so my standards aren't as high as they would be in the HT case.  But for a 6.5" speaker, these put out a surprising amount of bass, and clear highs.  Right now we just have a cheap amplifier hooked up while we're shopping for a better one, and they still sound great.  These probably would be just fine for HT rear-speaker use (I wouldn't want any in-ceiling speaker for front or center HT use).
Our home theater downstairs already has JBL speakers (studio series for the fronts and center, northridge for the rears) and I've been very happy with them.  
I recommend these for those who need a great looking and decent sounding in-ceiling speaker without breaking the bank. 
Bought 2 of these to watch over my house while I am at work.  Setup is pretty easy, but be prepared to wait a minute after changed settings, many changes when you initial setup the camera require it to restart.  Camera's work great together and the free use of [...] to access the cameras is nice.  Setting up timers and sensor emails/ftp is pretty straight forward but will require a user to test and retest to get the settings just right.
Pros: Price is good for a ip camera with tilt/pan.  viewnetcam.com feature is a great addition to the camera package.  Works great with similar model panasonic cameras.
Cons: Multiple restarts while setting up or making changes(minor issue), limited online support/how-to's
After reading all the connection problems with wireless IP cameras , I decided to purchase the wired ver. (BL-C10A panasonic). I was very pleased with the easy setup and dns service included for the camera . I currently use this camera in a cabin , so I can look in and see the temp. inside and look around. This is simpe remote monitoring , as hookup took less than 1.hr to get up and running. I do not use the emailing feature presently .
Pros : simple to setup and get running over internet
       price is reasonable
       images are the best for a camera this cheap
       using viewnet  (dns service) very easy  
Cons : wired to the router 
       no included light leds (but at this price)
       must use timer to reset ip camera (cheap house timer every 24hrs
The product works well for my space and needs. One note to Amaazon. When you ship a $400 item, thats semi fragile, and the box shows up looking like it was used as a make shift soccer ball, how does the consumer deal with physical damage? The item is so massive to ship back, and most likey costly.
I experimented with buying an expensive electronic online because the price was right. I was worried how the shipping would be handled, and sure enough, I was worried rightfully. The DVD tray catches everytime the tray comes in and goes out. The top of the receiver/dvd player had been slightly caved in. Even with all the packing Samsung supplied, it could not protect the product from the shipping company. It will be such a hassle to try and exchange this, that I am not sure if I will be purchasing something this expensive and fragile online again. Other than that, I have purchased smaller items, and less fragile from Amazon with no issues. I realize that the shipping damage canot be held on Amazon, as it is out of their control. I just don't think I will roll the dice on something like this in the future. Too bad, it would have been nice to say good buy to brick and mortar pressure salesmen
Not quite as bright a conventional flashlight, but certainly bright enough. No battery feature can't be beat. Manufacturer claims it will stay on for a hour with a one minute wind. I've never left mine on that long, but I've only needed to wind it once in over a year. This is an excellent flashlight. I've bought several
I was unsure of whether to purchase this product when I saw that my printer (HP Deskjet 712C) was not on the list put out by the manufacturer but after reading some others' reviews, I tried it anyway because the price was right.  It may look a little cheesy but it works.  I didn't even need the CD that comes with it in order to use the product.  I just plugged it in to my printer and then into my new Dell laptop and it worked.  I think I may have had to restart and add my printer but that was it.  Very good product
Do you have an OLD printer you would like to tie to that NEW lap top?  I did and at first I didn't think it could be done but a little quick research on Amazon and I found this beauty.  The Sabrent cable is very well made and has the look of quality and ruggedness.  I just plugged it in and everything took off without a hitch.  (PC w/Windows XP
Great picture, great price, superb & fast delivery by Amazon (via EGL trucking).
No complaints except for a faint buzzing sound on the plasma TV. I have heard that all plasma's "buzz" a bit. This would not stop me from purchasing this TV again
I was looking for a tv that offered bang for buck.  So I knew Samsung is the way to go.  Except my wife was not eager as I was, but soon after buying it The Planet Earth HD Discovery channel show was on.  Now I can not get my wife to stop talking about HD.  We love the TV not the best tv, but best for the price.  Nice design and easy to use
I have had my Samsung for about three weeks now; no problems.  I am extremely hapy with the picture quality and the number of inputs.  We also bought the 42" plasma for my parents; we've been extremely happy with it as well.  In addition to the television, I am extrmemly happy with Amazon and the delivery process.  Everythin was handled very professionally.  The tv arrived within the timeframe and undamaged.  I will buy next tv through Amazon as well
These speakers deliver a clear, crisp, and vibrant sound, with a richness expected of a higher-end speaker.  I would recommend these to anyone interested in a good-quality sound but keeping an eye on price
After reading several reviews on this unit, we purchased it.  The majority of our equipment supported gigabit and so we decided it was time to "get in the game".  It took less then 15 minutes to install in our rack and change over to it.  All I can say is "wow"!  The performance is phenomenal.  We have had no issue with it since switching over and it just plain works.  I cannot believe that we can obtain that level of speed in network applications for the price we paid.  Highly recommended
I bought this product mainly for my girlfriend to use on my computer. I find myself using it most of the time, now!  The mouse is great, lost of extra buttons on it (not that I need them, but it makes it a little more convenient in case I do.)  The Keyboard is great...lots of shortcut buttons right on the keyboard, making navigation VERY easy.  A couple of features on the keyboard I really like are the scroll whell on the left, the favorites buttons (all customizable, as are all the shortcut buttons on this keyboard) and the very comfortable hand rest.  I got this refurbished and it works like new!  I HIGHLY suggest this.  The only drawback is that it is a little bigger than I would have liked, but I don't mind it nearly as much as my girlfriend.  If that's not a problem, I highly suggest this product!!
Not much to say here.  It works.  Easily adjustable with just your feet.  Feels good wearing socks
This is a surprisingly good radio at this price. It is small, compact and yet very robust and quite heavy. It is nothing like the cheapie plastic radios one sees in the drug store. Here are three things I really liked about this product: 1) The AM/FM reception is outstanding. I am in a bad area with few stations and this model gets them in clean and clear. Listening to FM on my stereo headphones was a real pleasure. 2) The buttons and controls are easy to use and sensible in function. This is something Sangean seems to get very well. 3) The multi-level display lighting can be turned OFF, or up in 3 steps from dull to very bright. 
A few things I didn't like. The pilot light for "ON" is a like an intense blue laser and lights up the entire room at night. I had to put black electrical tape over it. The AUX input is a mini-jack instead of RCA connector. Minor inconvenience here. And finally, the cabinet is nice wood, but the finish is not as good as I think it could be. 
This radio is a pleasure to use and it sounds better than I expected for this price. It's a keeper
I want the DVDs I'm making to last to as close to forever as possible, so I did a lot of research before deciding what DVDs to buy.  Verbatim came out as #1 for durability.  I chose the DVD-R format for maximum compatibility with various devices.  And I've only had a few errors after burning about 75 DVDs.
Amazon's sale price for these was great.  If you're just looking for short-term backup media, I'm sure you can find cheaper, but these are a different class of DVDs
With my new LCD television, the hook-up was a snap and what a difference with the new HDMI compatible up-scale DVD I installed.  The audio and visual difference for DVD and HD television programing is amazing with the cost at half the price at retail stores.  Very happy and highly recommended
This works perfectly, and it is built very well.  My picture looks great and sound is also great
Wonderful for those who type and work with computers alot--soft and comfortable!  I haven't had any problems with carpal tunnel since!  It didn't have a nasty smell as other reviewers stated.  A great buy; saves me a lot of pain
This phone is clear and easy to use ...have had a couple and have not been disapointe
This performs better than the unit offered at the Apple store at about 20% of the cost! Plus it has an indicator light and the folding plug is handy for travel. Good deal
I had an old Palm m100 for the longest time and used it as an electronic replacement for a paper organizer. But it ate batteries and wasn't rechargeable, so when I got a newer computer without a serial port (and discovered it would cost a fairly decent sum for a serial-USB connector), I decided to upgrade. Thought it'd be cool to have something with mp3 playing capabilities as well, (I don't own an iPod or other small mp3 player) but I didn't need many features beyond an organizer (didn't need for e-mail, etc) and didn't want to spend much over $75. 
Pros: 
I like the Palm interface, very intuitive.
Calendar & contacts work well
Plays mp3's
Syncs well with Outlook/computer
Plugs in to recharge; all cords came with it.
Easy to download new software (I recommend Blocks, it's similar to Tetris)
Cons or caveats:
Display: when viewing calendar in "full month" mode, I have trouble seeing any entries unless I view the screen at an angle. Not a deal-breaker, but a little odd. They probably improved this with newer (pricier) models, but you get what you pay for. I can read all other screens just fine.
Haven't used it to display photos; I don't think I'd use this to do that--resolution isn't worth the effort.
Expansion card: WARNING: WILL NOT READ ANY CARD OVER 1GB size! (I had purchased a 2GB card with the intent of putting mp3's on it and listening to them on the Zire. Wouldn't read it. Didn't realize this till I read the fine print. Fortunately, I have a camera which takes SD cards so I can use in the camera).
Listening to mp3's: This really isn't gonna replace an iPod for features. They do say that listening to mp3's uses more battery than other functions. I would agree but then I've not used this for long periods of time as an mp3 player, so I can't really say. Functionally, mp3's play just fine with RealOne player. Sound quality is pretty good BUT I have noticed a "hiss" background noise when using earbud-style headphones; it's a lot less noticeable with "outside-the-ear" style headphones. Recommendation: outside-the-ear style headphones with an in-line (cord) volume control. If you're in a quiet environment, the lowest volume level on the RealOne player isn't all that soft. With non-volume-adjustment headphones, the lowest volume level (there's a slider bar on screen) was the loudest I wanted to hear. Headphones with a volume adjustment fixes that problem.
Overall, it's been worth the $$ for me as a replacement for my former m100, and it works ok as an mp3 player, as long as you can recharge it on a regular basis
This arm-band is surprisingly good.  I initially got it for my boyfriend for his iRiver, but I was afraid it wouldn't fit his arms since he's very muscular.  Surprisingly - it stretched enough and wasn't tight!  He loves it.  I thought there might be too much motion on mine when I run or use the eliptical, but no, it's fine
This product is exactly as described and arrived very quickly... A+++++ seller!  Will definately buy from again
This receiver puts out a lot of power. It also has a bit of weight to it. It comes with a microphone to automatically adjust it for optimal surround sound. The remote take some getting used to but it is great how you can hook up a DVD player, CD player, radio and many other devices. The display is nice. You really have to read the manual before you start plugging away. If you're a surround sound fan on a budget pick this up
A couple years ago I got a projector for the "big screen effect", and decided to finally get my mini Advents out of storage for the surround sound. My OLD Pioneer receiver worked ok, but I decided it was time to upgrade. I have 30 year old Speaker Lab (build 'em yourself) speakers up front with the Advents in back.
The only complaint I have with this unit is there is no way to connect a turn table (yes, I'm old). So I kept the Pioneer for dedicated service to the record player.
I have my son hook everything up as he is taking networking in school. For him it's a breeze. I don't even look at the directions. I just say "here".
Having said that; I think this thing is great! If you are my age and can go back 30 years to your first sound system, you paid a lot more to get a simple 200 watt system (WOW) for your records and cassettes. Ahh.... technology.
I love this thing! I can understand that some folks want something better, but for 95% of us, this will be the last one you will ever need.
Highly recommended.
4 stars for the lack of LP connection. Otherwise.... 5 all the way
I just got mine from Amazon (after a lengthly delay).  It is an awesome memory card.  It comes with the adapter so that you can use it in digital cameras.  I tested it on the camera and it worked great.  The real test was the compatibility with the SONY PSP.  No issues there.   The card worked flawlessly.  I've already used up 600 MB.....its a must buy!
Plus, at $99.99, its much less than other retailers.   btw, i ordered it at $104.99, then contacted amazon about the price drop.  They credited the difference to me without any hassle and gave me the one-day shipping at no charge because of the delay.  Overall great service too.
I use this 1GB card in my Sony Playstation Portable, and it is awesome!  The tranfer rate using the USB 2.0 cable to the PSP is very good, and I love having all that storage space for movies, music, and images.  I got the Ultra II because I had read that Sandisk outperformed Sony in speed tests, and I have to agree.  The tranfer rate seems much faster than with the 32MB Sony card that came with the PSP.  For an extra $5-$10 I got the Ultra II that has a warranty and better performance.  I think it is well worth it
When compared to other 1st generation iPod Shuffle armbands, this one is just as good, if not better, and you can't beat the price.  Definitely worth every penny
The BCI-3eBk is good quality black ink for an inkjet printer.  I have used this ink for a couple of years now and don't recall it smudging on the pages I print.  The price on this product (compared to HP products) is fair, but I am able to print a 100 to 200 pages before running out of ink.  Of course, you will get more pages out of this cartridge if you print more color graphics than text
good price.  Just not sure it is needed
The first one I ordered worked for about four days and then stopped recognizing the USB devices I was plugging into it.  Although I had considered just getting a refund, Amazon was quick to replace the card with no hassles.  The replacement card has been working fine for a couple of months now.  The USB 2 is much faster than the original USB ports that were a part of my original computer and this particular card was a reasonable price
I own the HP 475 and since it's slightly larger then the rest, the printer barely fits in the case. It does fit but it is very tight. I would not recommend this for the 475. Probably I shouldn't have bought this but I really liked the case
This cable has worked fine for me with no problems.  I'm using it to connect an inexpensive keyboard to a laptop
Outstanding item. Plenty of room to carry dvds. Enough padding to protect the player, but not too bulky
I wish Targus made the same bag just a few inches wider.  My Toshiba 2600 barely squeezes in the bag.  However, it does fit and I was able to mount it between the two seats of our 2004 Toyota Sienna with no problems.  There's also ample room for cords and DVDs. 
I like how this bag doubles as a storage case and a way to mount it in the car for viewing.  
All in all, a very nice product. 
There are some things I like about this, others I don't. Some people have written similar reviews, but I want to add my 2 cents. Hope this helps potential buyers.
Likes:
1. Small, easy to use
2. Good sound quality
3. Good storage capacity for those of us who don't have 10 million songs hanging out on our computers.
4. Some people have complained that the Creative Media software is hard to understand. I disagree, I found it straightforward. You can even change the titles, artists, and genres of the songs on the software before it gets transferred to the player. Yes, I realize this can also be done in WMP, but sometimes you want to edit later, or you missed something earlier.
5. Replaceable battery. If it dies, you can get another one, you don't have to send it in to the company.
Dislikes:
1. The shuffle mode is annoying. It doesn't go through the entire playlist on shuffle. Once a song is over, it goes right back onto the potential playlist, and can sometimes get played again fairly soon after it was first played, to the exclusion of the other items on the list. I want to hear all my songs at least once before I hear repeats.
2. The Creative Media Center software doesn't install on Windows Vista.
3. This is a hard drive player, so no running with it. That's okay though for people like me: I don't run. It also makes it cheaper than the IPod Nano, which is a flash player.
4. The cable to recharge the battery is a usb cable that hooks directly into your computer. I don't like this because I'm not always around my computer, I don't lug it with me everywhere I go. However, there are ports you can buy (here on Amazon, even) that plug into the wall and have little usb ports, so that's handy.
5. Not as many accessories as the IPod, but not that important.
6. You can't view your photos while you are listening to music. Sometimes this sucks, but if you have a camera phone, or are in an actual conversation with someone, you probably won't be listening to your music anyway.
The Creative Zen is outstanding. Took a little while to get use to the controls but the sound is incredible. I bought one for my wife as well and see loves it.  I did spend a little extra money for better earbuds. For the price that I paid -[...] for 8GB you can't go wrong
I totally love this Cd Wallet- it is not too big and not too small. The construction of this piece is very sturdy. I've owned this for a while now and it still looks new. The color is a classic, the only problem I have with it is that the CD pockets are very flimsy other than that the exterior of this piece is unbelievable. I love it!!! I actually bought another one, oh another note do be careful because the if you don't handle the zipper with care it tends to get caught. But nothing major :
The very first DVD player I bought was Sony's very first 5 Disc DVD changer back in 1998. It was an excellent player, but as the technology improved, it could no longer keep up. I upgraded to a single disc Sony which could handle DTS, and later to another single disc player which could handle progressive video. But I always missed the convenience of a 5 disc changer after having been spoiled by one at the start. At about one-third the price of that original DVD changer, this player has all the features of those previous upgrades and more while retaining the familiar functionality of my first player. It produces an excellent picture, has lots of tweakable settings, has more outputs, and is also very stylish looking.
I do have a couple of nits, though. My original DVD changer had buttons on the remote which allowed me to jump directly to whichever disc I wanted. With this one, I have to press a Disc Skip button to cycle through all the discs until I reach the one I want. The front of the player does have direct access buttons, though. I wish I still had my old remote control as I'm sure it would work with this unit to restore that remote functionality.
Second, the upscaling through HDMI produces a great image, but not really any better than leaving the image at 720x480p. In fact, upscaling will sometimes magnify some interlacing artifacts visible in the picture. It's also unfortunate that while connected through HDMI, progressive scan cannot be turned off. This shouldn't be an issue most of the time, but there are some video sources that might look better with it turned off. Progressive settings can only be changed on the unit itself and not through the remote, but they cannot be turned off when connected through HDMI. 
One last thing about the HDMI connection. There can sometimes be a noticeable audio sync issue when using HDMI connections and digital TVs. This is not a problem with the player, but with the way HDMI is currently implemented. This player has an audio-sync adjustment feature which should compensate for the problem. However, the audio-sync adjustment doesn't work if the player is connected to a receiver via its optical digital outputs. Since I need to have mine connected this way in order to enjoy 5.1 sound, the audio-sync adjustment feature is useless here. And that's a shame. By the way, there should be no audio-sync issues if the player is connected via component, s-video, or composite outputs.
There's also a minor thing I've found about all my Sony DVD players that I haven't liked. They are unable to correctly display Time Remaining on certain discs, or more commonly on the special features (documentaries, etc.) on certain discs. I also have a cheapo Philips player which has no problems displaying Time Remaining on those things (even on the menu). It's an improvement I'd really like to see implemented on future players.
Now, despite the complaints I've listed above, don't get me wrong. This is still an excellent player and I really love it. I happily recommend it to anyone considering purchasing it. It really is a great value and it performs very well in most instances, and I feel it's the best DVD player I've ever owned. It's just not quite perfect. In all likelihood, it's also the last DVD player I'll ever own as I'll probably be buying a BluRay or other HD player in a couple of years when that format war is over. But this is a great player to hold me over until then
These headphones sound pretty good, but they aren't the best.  When running, the volume controller gets in the way and bounces.  It is also easy to change the volume which is annoying.  I also find the fact that the cord for the right side is longer than the other a little bit strange.  I realize it is done intentionally, but it does nothing for me.  Overall, for just listening at your desk or in your room, these are great headphones.  For running, I would recommend something else
I needed a way to power my laptop, and my batteries for my camcorder, as well as my digital camera. This was done without a problem when my wife and I visited Slovakia.
I installed this antenna in my Pawn Shop where we keep most of our electronics running all day. I could never get good reception with standard antennas and now this single antenna does the job better than any I have ever seen. Keep in mind that I have a full surveillance systen, alarm syster, phone system, 20 home stereos, a dozen or more computers and on and on. The Terk FM-50 has exceeded my expectations.  Thanks, Joel DBA Pawn-Plus
Radio reception in my apartment is terrible.  I have purchased a few indoor antennas, even a different Terk model, but none of them helped very much. I had to move the antenna around to different areas for different stations, and my digital FM radio only received one digital channel.
This unit, however, works great.  I get every station I want, and the digital FM works great.  The only thing I would mention is that the antenna casing is bulky, so if you're concerned about asthetics you'll have to figure out where you can conceal it.  Also, I didn't get any additional benefit from the amplifier, but the antenna worked so well that I didn't need it
After reading several reviews on portable speakers, I decided to purchase the Sonic Impact i-F2 for my iPod.  It has great sound quality, the case is durable, it packs away easily and you can take it anywhere.  You can listen to music while its charging and the sounds system is quite attractive.  This is by far the best accessory I've purchased for my iPod.  Did I mention that it has a remote control!!
Contrary to popular belief, I even had a good experience the one time I needed technical support. A few random disconnects, but overall a great product
Remember back in the day when CDs first came out? I do: hi-fi shops and all my male relatives proudly did these demonstrations of scatching a cd, putting it into a player, PLAY &  *presto* the disc played.
Well, either they were making bomb-proof players back thens or the laser never got to the scratched bit of the disc because I used to have piles of discs were handled carelessly and didn't play. Yes, you read correctly: I USED to have stacks of unplayable discs.
If you don't read any further, you can stop at the end of this sentence: SKIP DR WORKS!
Here's the short of it
1. I have my own multination consulting firm
2. I have worked with computer in the media and creative industries for over 20 years
3. I dislike misleading reviews
4. I dislike wasting my time looking for products that work
5. I dislike being lied to & wasting my money and 
6. I dislike people aggressively selling me stuff that they have little knowledge about & frankly doesn't work 
On top of that, I am impressed NEITHER by people that trash products that do work NOR people that work for certain manufacturers, create ghost profiles and trump up their employer's products.
SKIP DOCTORS works. 
I own over 3,500 discs. Out of that number, I had countless discs -- from my beloved Trance Planet disc, a Jessye Norman classical and spirituals collection, stuff by Miles Davis, reams of and Nina Simone compilations to computer program discs, backups of various creative projects, rare SACDs (SuperAudio CDs) and stuff that got mangled at parties or  being dragged around the world before CreativeLabs and Ipod came on the scene -- that were ALL unreadable. 
I have seen the sprays, I have seen the wipes, I have seen the low grade sandpaper product, I have tried using BRASSO metal polish (a remedy recommended by a friend of mine from Venezuela -- and for little scratches actually works) and low-grade industrial solvent. HANDS DOWN, short of the industrial strength polishing machines (that handle 500 plus discs at a time and go from $1500 to over $5000), SKIP DR (and all its incarnations GAME DR / DVD DR / PHOTO DR) WORKS. Period.
Why did I only rate the product '4 stars'?
Simple: this review is about the mechanical version of the product. And I am lazy: mechanised means EFFORT. 
Will I buy the mechanised version?
Definitely! The product is in my shopping basket will be ordered (when I finish writing this review to set the record straight!
They say it's quiet, and it holds tons of data.  They were correct.  Fast access speed, easy installation, an overall fine product.  Have not used the feature that let's you back-up your entire drive, but we use it in our LAN for shared files, and it's comforting to know that we've got these files stored redundantly.  This box does just what it claims to do, the warranty of merchantability (from my old law class!).
Very easy to assemble, has very classic lines, lets stereo equipment have plenty of ventilation, hard to find add-on shelf in maple. Holds a lot of equipment
The Edge 305 provides a wealth of knowledge, is easy to install, as well as use. I would love to have given it 5 stars (it deserves them), but one thing that does not work correctly, and really bugs me is the calories expended. It couldn't be more inaccurate if they tried to make it that way. The first day that I installed it, I took it for a quick 1 mile test ride. IT indicated that in that mile I burned 100+ calories. Wish it were true, but it is not. Unfortunetly the next day I was going to take it out on a 100 mile ride, but crashed as I started out and have not riden since (3 days). I wore the chest strap in the office today to test the calories burned further. After 2 hours it read 0 were burned. I just took it for a car ride of 7 miles. In those 7 miles DRIVEN IN A CAR, it indicates I burned nearly 600 calories, again I wish, but no way.
Other than that flaw, whioh I hope they fix with a software update, I highly recommend this product, it all other ways it is great
Buying from Amazon was cheapest price especially with free shipping.  Stepped up for more power per channel.  Stayed in the Sony family. (Previous Sony surround, output to center speaker quit)  Dislike the speaker hook ups in back, difficult to attach speaker wires and screw down connections.  Overall happy with purchase
Very satisfied with sound quality and ease of use.  Before purchasing, I did believe that these were noise canceling.  However, that is not the case.  The foam inserts do reduce background noise enough that I am very satisfied with the result.  Replacement foam inserts must be purchased online
According to other reviews, this radio compares favorably with others in its price class.
As a ham radio operator I can say I am very happy with the E5.  It is the best portable Broadcast band radio I have ever had.
It is the best portable Shortwave radio I have ever had.
I was particularly interested in SSB capability.  It works well.
I called about the noisy power supply and they are sending me the improved replacement.  I use 2100 mah Nimh batteries which I charge externally.  I have two sets.  The radio works well with these.
I found that the internal antenna by itself, indoors, is not enough.  I used the included wire antenna with moderately good results.  But more convient is using the telescoping antenna.  This antenna works, according to the manual, for FM and SW only, but I found that extending it fully, is effective in all cases.  Ressults using this method were similar to the wire.
Holding the radio and using the headset may also improve reception.
Hams know that the antenna is a critical part of any receiver.  There are limits to what is possible in a package this size.  I have not tested it with a tuned outdoor antenna.
For what it is, this is a great tool.  It is a convient size and easy to program and use.  It more than meets my expectations.
[...
I bought these for my dvd player.  They work wonderfully!  The old analog cables that came with the dvd player looked alright but [didn't measure up}.  These monster cables definately enhance the sound of my dvd movies, especially the dialogue.  The old cables that I had made my movies sound a bit muffled.  But the monster cables intensified the clarity from the dvd player to my reciever.  For those of us who cannot afford 5 speaker digital surround sound, I would definately recommend these cables if you use regular 2 channel stereo for your movies or CDs
The Belkin TuneTalk is fabuous for using an iPod as a digital recorder. I have had very good results recording various music rehearsals (children's choir to big band) with and without an external powered microphone (Sony ECM-MS908C stereo mic) attached. Since I already had the mic, the total cost was very low compared to purchasing something like a Zoom digital recorder for this type of recording. I haven't plugged it into a mixing board yet. I suspect it would produce an even better recording with a decent pair of mics through a Mackie 1202 or better.
I bought a USB power adaptor so I wouldn't have to worry about battery drain. It plugs into the TuneTalk and provides power to the iPod.
No, it isn't as good as a high dollar recorder, dedicated mic-pre's and a pair of Neumann mics. Serious recording requires serious equipment. However, for all those other recordings, the Tunetalk Stereo is a great recording option for about $60 and your trusty iPod.
I lost my Monster Cable brand M to M cable for my ipod and looked for a different kind and ran across this one at half the price...plugged everything in and it works super-good sound quality and saved some bucks.  Hard to find these cables, so I highly recommend it
I saw the small size of this case and was in love.  It has plenty of space for dvds and cords (though it wont hold large headphones unless they fold).  It is padded enough for protection but not too padded to be too bulky.  It's Great.  You wont regret it. 
Great Price! Cant compare it to the more expensive "monster cables" but i cant imagine it being worth paying 50 dollars more for pretty much the same components
For its price and definately for its length, its an awesome alternative to it's $100 monster counterpart
I purchased three of these for three Kodak easyshare cameras
I gave as gifts. It was a great buy for much less than what
you can get at any local stores
 GOOD SOUND AND COMFORTABLE FOR THE PRICE . LIKE THE FACT THAT THE CORD IS ON ONE SIDE AND DOES NOT GO AROUND YOU NECK 
The best at this price. Like the color and functions. Mine has latest longer than some comparable higher end models. Life saver when trying to keep a busy life organized. Great optional backlight feature
when i first got this mp3 and opened up the box i was surprised how small it is.  about the size of a piece of chewing gum.  i installed the program via the included cd and it worked right away with no problem what so ever.  this held all the music i had on my lap top with lots of room to spare.  the program is easy to use and downloading music to the player is fast and easy.  the sound is outstanding with the ear-bud headphones that are included.  the fm works well and the display is back-light and very easy to read. all of the players options are user friendly and do not require a lot of skill to use.  this is one piece of electronics that will not drive you mad with hard to use software or directions.  as an added bonus they included batteries.  this is one of my favorite gadgets and i would recommend the 1 gig for any user.  it is not expensive at all and really who needs more music than this holds
I really needed a printer with a scanner so I could store my important files digitally.  This printer works great.. I would recommend to change to the lower resolution so it will operate faster.  It can scan color also but that takes a loooong time.  b&w has been sufficient for me; scans quickly for those.  printout quality is excellent
Good product, great combination of screen protection along with a small flexable piece to cover the keypad.
This is my second projector - I used an NEC for the last four years, but that died on me recently.  And, boy, am I glad it died - I am amazed by the quality of the AX100U - the pictures and colors almost  jump off the screen at you.  Also, the oft mentioned LDC projector 'screen door' effect is virtually non-existant - you have to stand almost next to the screen to notice it.  I believe Panny used some smoothening technology to achieve it.  The contrast is also truely outstanding for an LCD projector - at par with DLP systesm, but without the headaches of the rainbow effect.
Couple of pointers which might be helpful to other users.  When I first started using the projector with my DVD player I was getting some wavy curls (not too visible, but still there) that seemed to flow across the screeen.  However, after about 4-5 hours of use, they have disappeared - so if any of you see those wavy curls, just give it a few hours and hopefully yours will disappear as well.
Secondly, unlike my old NEC I was getting a flickering shimmer when using my HD box from my cable company.  The shimmer was just at the edge of teh picture.  There is an easy fix for this.  Go to options, overscan, and you can actually crop the edge of the image and  not see it any more...voila - no flickers and an incredible picture. 
Be aware that this is big, bulky projector compared to some others out there.  Definately not a portable one - you don't want to be lugging it home from work after presentations to see home pictures.  This was designed as a dedicated home theater projector, not a portable presentation device.  
I highly recommend this projector - you've got to see the picture to believe it - I didn't think it was possible at this price range.
I was very surprised at how well this sub articulates the low frequencies.  Hearing is believing.  It gives a certain amount of accuracy and tangibility to base tones that I simply was not able to obtain with a higher priced sub I had purchased.  For movies, it does a wonderful job of augmenting the atmosphere of scenes without being too boomy.  It really enhances music by bringing out lower notes and sounds that are not normally perceived with the use of most other subwoofers on the market.  I am not certain it can go as low as 27Hz since I have not measured, but I am not concerned with trying to disturb the neighbors or shake the walls.  I just wanted to obtain the most precies and best sounding system I could.  I was able to do so with the addition of this sub.  I am glad I found and tried it before paying much more for another sub I was considering.
Yet I hate the fact that it is advertised as being a 250-watt sub.  Its Peak Dynamic Power is 250 watts.  But the amplifier it contains is a 150 watt amplifier.  Therefore, it is a 150-watt sub
Pros: Very inexpensive, can play songs directly from a flash drive instead of an mp3 player
Cons: Can't shuffle tracks or make a playlist if you use a flash drive
Overall I'm very happy with this device. I live in a big city and had no trouble finding an FM station with little to no interference. I love being able to play tracks directly from a flash drive without having to bring my mp3 player with me in the car all the time. The sound quality is good, but not perfect. Similar to playing a cassette instead of a CD. For the low price, I can't complain, though
I purchased this remote to replace a broken tv/dvd/vcr combo remote.  Before buying it I checked specs of several brands and types to see if they could be programmed for my combo.  This was the only one that definitely could. It has worked well...a couple features are not available but I expect that with any replacement control.  I've also programmed it to my bose radio and my dish network box and the controls have worked just fine.  Now my coffee table is a lot less cluttered
I bought this card to be used with an IPAQ HW6945 it has enough capacity for GPS maps, programs and some music a 4 gb one would be great but it seems there is no 4gb card from Sandisk that is supported by the IPAQ. The reading / writing speed is ok too. Very good product for only 18 bucks
I purchased this particular CB because of the front firing speaker.  The size is perfect for IN dash installations, and it is very user friendly.  After installation I tested it out to 8 miles which was more then I expected.  
Overall I'm very pleased with the price and quality of this product
ive owned a couple CB's and this is definitely one of the better ones (the only ones that are better are substancially more expensive).  works great and can be mounted in dash because of the front firing speaker.  tons of features including scanning and weather (which actually comes in very handy).  the only feature it lacks (and i wish it had) is the ability to hook up to a PA.  other than that its great
Very very loud-enough to make you're ears ring (thats a good sign)
Bass is very deep and the silver volume dots on one of the speakers are touch sensitive like the ipod-now thats cool.
Great great desktop speakers, and they can hook up right to your ipod. Worth the money
Well-made hard case that is virtually a necessity to protect the Tungsten E2 which comes with a flimsy, cheap flip case
I have to say this mouse pad has far exceeded anything I hoped for. When I first opened the box it was shipped in I was very put off. There was a Very, Very strong chemical smell. I chalked it up to something in the packaging material. It turns out that was not where the smell was coming from. It was the mouse pad itself. Having worked in a shoe factory years ago I was able to identify the smell as an industrial glue. The smell hung around for a couple of days. Now, 1 week after having received my purchase if I put my nose close to the pad, it still carries the faint smell of industrial glue. I would caution those with allergies and/or asthma to consider this prior to purchase. As an asthmatic I can say it did affect my breathing some what. That seems to have gotten better as the smelled has lessened. I have finished with my public health warning. On to the mouse pad. 
     It is simply the best mouse pad I have ever used. I have had wrist problems for over 4 years now. I have had swelling and pain from my right pinkie finger to my elbow as a result of console gaming and lots of keyboarding work. In the past week my swelling has greatly reduced. My pain is almost gone. My wrist sits perfectly on  the wrist rest. The pad actually cradles my wrist. The wrist rest moves with my hand, so well and with so much support, it seems to be an extension of my body. A new improved appendage. I have found myself resting my wrist on the pad even while not computing but just sitting at my desk. It truly is that comfortable. I already have plans to purchase two more for friends as Christmas gifts. Worth Every Cent! Go For It! You Will Not Be Disappointed! 
Great Sound.  Fun colored lights.  Great Design.  Love this radio
We love this tuner, and the kids have had fun
finding out what key different sounds make.
They change their voice, tap on things with 
pencils, etc.
I bought this mouse for my fiancee about three months ago and she has not complained once. She uses it extensively in her office and reports that it is accurate, comfortable, and looks sharp
One lvel up from the ES30VS, much more capable of the last generation the ES35VS is a versatile unit capable of handling all home recording needs and MOST professional needs as well, remote control is easier to use than the last generation, the addition of the DVI input gives it ease of recording from Camcorders with a clikc of a button, I am VERY happy with this uni
It was easy to set up and use. Our remote was bad out of the box but Panasonic sent us a replacement.
We were able to record tv programs right away and then transferred our old VHS over to DVD.
It took a long time to transfer but it was worth watching the VHS tapes again to bring back memories.
Does exactly what it's supposed to do.  I live 30 miles from the stations and have a good amount of tress surrounding my house, but I still receive all the network channels and their subchannels perfectly.  Easy to install, too
I have this console for protection of master bedroom 40" LCD Samsung 1080p HDTV and Denon surrond sound 7.1 home theater system. I have been very pleased with the improved picture and sound. Before hooking up to this console, I had a slight wave going across the screen. It is now gone as is the slight buzz from the sound system.
I also have 1-2 power outages every month from new construction in our area. The console has protected all of the equipment very well. Considering the price and free shipping through Amazon, I highly recommend this console
My company purchased two of these phone a month or two back for office use.  Previously we had an AT&T - which I'll probably never own again after having a Panasonic.
The phones have great voice quality - plus some nice features you don't always find, like the hold option, data port on the back, and a nice LCD screen displaying date, time, # missed calls, # messages, and in call timer.  I do wish, however, that the LCD was backlit.  Another great feature is the fact that it displays the associated caller ID stamp with the message that is playing - no more guessing who left the message when!
The phones have been standing up beyond our expectations - and I plan on buying Panasonic phones our next time around
It's a good quality notebook bag that can fit 17" laptops/notebooks easily. Balances well on your shoulder (unlike some bags that rest lopsided). Good, strong stitch. It can get heavy, but then again you're carrying around a 17" laptop
I needed extra space for pictures and musis downloads this was just right not too expensive and large enought to fit the purpose
I gave a detailed review of the base system, but the handset merits comments separately.  I have purchased handsets for every room in the house, and because I don't like using the clip to carry it with me everywhere, I use them.  They're easily customizable through the PC interface, although they can be customized without it as well.  Each handset gets its out name, so transferring calls or paging a handset is simple.  (No more trying to remember which room has the "fifth" handset.)  I've been impressed with both the battery life and the range of each handset; I've read reviews that criticized the range or sound quality, but I've had no trouble with either despite a few different usage scenarios.  If you're shopping for one of these, then you've already got the base unit or are considering purchasing it, so you know the quality to expect.  I think the Uniden CLX485 is the best residential phone system I've ever experienced; the handset lives up to that standard, too
This antenna is one of the best indoor UHF antennas, but is designed for UHF only.  Many cities use both UHF & VHF for digital TV.  
To see if UHF & VHF are used in your area, enter your address at www.antennaweb.org 
Then, look at the digtal channel Frequency assignments column.  If any channels are 2 thru 13, this antenna is not for you.
Do NOT buy any knockoff antennas sold by TERK.  They are mostly junk.
The mounting kit installed easily and is holding a pair of Bose 151 speakers.  It works well for what I need
Excellent value for money. My razr is a fully functional mp3 player now! Thanks. :
2GB SanDisk is awesome. I can store lots of files in my PDA and not worry about space. Also the price was very afordable
A fast card which works as expected.
You don't know the difference a fast card can make, unless you swap to a slower one. Even a slower camera/device will have improved performance with a faster card such as this one.
Enjoy
This memory card has not given us any trouble.  Very reliable product.  Highly recommend
Plenty of room for our HPA612 printer and a friend bought the same one for her HPA617.  Pockets for extra paper.  Shoulder strap for even more ease in transporting the printer. 
When the room temperature hot and no one else wants the Air Conditioner turned on, this Desktop Air Conditioner cools just my 7 feet by 7 feet personal space.  It's heaven.  I wouldn't be without. This is my second order
I really enjoyed this product and the fact that its simple to use!! It clips nicely onto my laptop or I can take it off, it comes with a little protective case, and the lens slides in to keep it unexposed when you're not using.  I really like it and all its features as well
I bought these after buying TDK for the past 5 years and now only being able to get Memorex at a low price (I've had very bad experiences with Memorex CDRs in the past). These were surprisingly cheap as Verbatim is one of the highest quality blank media brands. Not surprisingly, the discs lived up to expectations on my Plextor-716A drive. I haven't tested a whole lot yet, but the ones I did test, burn flawlessly and when disc scans were run, there were no errors. You really can't go wrong with Verbatim. Just buy them
I exchange audio letters with friends, and this stereo recorder was purchased after my Sony 100 DVS died and no replacement parts were available. The sound quality is perfectly fine, though it does not pick up ambient sounds nearly as well as the old high-end machine. It comes with a stereo microphone, but it would be great if the microphone were attached to the unit -- as it is, there is a long clip-on cord. This makes it tough to do "off-the-cuff" recording. Overall, a good value for the money. The other machine cost nearly $300.
I bought this so I can transfer video from my Panasonic PV-GS300 camcorder to my PC.  Installation was easy and my computer was up and running in a matter of minutes.  The is a great value considering they include a 6-pin to 4-pin firewire cable too.  I highly recommend this product
So this controller looked pretty sweet to me so I bought it over a rumble pad. I liked the idea of fans for wicking away sweat, as I tend to get pretty white knuckled on my controllers. I bought this controller specifically for Star Wars Battlefront 2 on PC, and it works like a dream. I also like the X-Box controller layout (offset anolog sticks and more ergonomic) than the PS2 style controller that is the Logitech Rumble pad. It also has better grips than a PS2 controller.
The only things I think are bad about it are the following:
1. It is not modeled on the large XBox controller, but rather the regular one, which is ok for most people, but I have big hands and I get a bit cramped up if I play for way too long.
2. I was slightly dissapointed with the lack of custimization software available with this pad. I have a Saitek Cyborg EVO joystick that you can create custom profiles for every game you want to use it with then set that profile before launching the game. This isn't an issue with Battlefront 2 since it has a very excellent in game control configurator, but I could see where if a game didn't have as good an interface (or maybe older games) this pad could suffer in this regard.
3. This isn't so much an issue for me, but I would assume that with a lot of game play and turning on and off of the fan, that the fan motor will likely die sooner than the pad will wear out. I don't care too much, because the fan is more a novelty to me than anything. I will still use it even if it does die.
Overall, a great controller, I actually would give it a 4.5 rating, but that isn't an option here
 I needed a sub for my garage, and did not want to spend more than $200. Got it on sale for well under that.
 Since this was just for the garage, when tinkering with my bikes, I didn't want something too expensive, and didn't expect much from such a small sub. I was very pleasantly suprised by it's performance, This thing will rock when needed, and hits suprisingly low for a small sub in a very large space. 
 I first tried a Polk PSW10, since Polk products had never dissapointed me in the past. Well there is always a first time... The Yamaha smokes the Polk sub, I returned the Polk immediatly. 
 Of couse it doesn't compare with the Energy S12.3 I use in my main music system, but for 1/5 the cost, I never expected it to
Maybe I'm bias because I really like Yamaha, maybe, because I have kinda' good ears or, it's the fat check sitting on my table  from Yamaha; but what ever it is I realllllllly like this sub-woofer.
 I looked around a long time for the right sub, and, I like to think I got a good one here.
 You want power? Ok, it's only 250 watts -not 1,000 watts like Velodyne, but in my room (30 by 18ish with a 25 foot ceiling) it ROCKS.
I love music, all kinds; loud or quiet no matter I like both, but I do like depth more than volume. However, I believe if you are going to listen to something real loud, being able to feel the music is as important as being able to here it.
And let me say you can FEEL music if you want to.
 one of the things I love most about this sub is it's range; it can (maybe) reach 20 hertz. 20 hertz! that is astounding.
20Hz is the lowest frequency the human ear can hear, in fact it's starting into the range of sounds that are felt more than heard.
Maybe I have good ears and maybe I don't, but to hear rich airy low-end, and, bass notes. yes! bass NOTES! bass is not one big boomy lump of noise, it's huge, open, grazing pasture of distinct sounds!
In short, music sounds great, even hip-hop (which I don't like) sounds, well, better.
Also, their is no need to turn the volume way up to hear a improvement; at very quiet levels too, you can hear good clean bass notes. But, if you do a lot of quite listening, we're talking back ground music levels: disable the auto-on feature and manually turn it on and off, because if you happen to be listening to something quiet, even if you still can here low notes from this, it does not seem to be enough signal to keep the auto-on, well... on.
It improves movies as well, take something  with a lot of dynamics like, "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" or, "Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow" there are a lot of sudden loud, and very low sounds in those movie's and the Yamaha handles it all with aplomb.
With most of the controls are on the front set-up is and tweaking is made easy, and if you are wondering about the "BASS" button: if the button is in the "music" position you will have to turn the volume to a higher level to shake the termites out of the walls than if its set to the "movie" position (I think "music" is a flatter frequency response).
 As this review seems to be getting a bit long I'll some it up:
yes, there are far better subwoofers out there (like from B&W), but I don't have the money for those, and if someone gave me a 1,000 watt Velodyne I would take it in a heartbeat- but, I wouldn't want to give this one up too.
It's a absolute pleasure to listen to.
Update: I have run some test tones on this subwoofer, and well, it can not reach 20Hz. 38Hz seems to be the limit for usable bass, although it is still audible to around 32Hz, 20Hz is a stretch.
If 38Hz sounds to high: their are not many movie's or CD's that have any sounds below 35Hz. And very, very few have sound below 25Hz.
Although it does not go as low as I would have hoped, it is still a good sub for the money, and still worth a five star review
I purchased this for my wife who wanted a case for her 
HP Pavilion Notebook PC (DV5139US), screen size 15.4", ht 1.8", wdth 14.1", depth 10.4 ". The bag is for personal use, not business, and use will be moderate. She did want some extra compartments for organization. 
This case has met all her needs, it is light weight, constructed of durable material, well organized. Her notebook fits in this top loading case with ease. She is satisfied with this purchase. We would recommend purchasing this case.
A great product - snug fit on the laptop, and appears to be a part of the laptop itself. Difficult to remove, but no real reason to remove it anyway.
I can verify again that this is indeed 16 gauge wire. This size works very well for small-medium satellite speakers. I am using this wire with a Samsung HT-Q80 HTIB. It's working wonderfully and I'm getting nice crisp sound. Unlike the other reviewer, my spool came fully intact. I would suggest this for anybody looking for good, cheaply priced 16 gauge speaker wire
If you zoom in on the picture, you'll notice that it's actually 16 gauge wire.  I received it and can confirm that it's 16 gauge.  Wire works fine, although the spool that's held together by two bolts and nuts had one of the nuts missing.  It's not a big deal though, and my only disappointment was on my end when I realized 100' wasn't enough to hook up my 7 speakers
The card is blistering fast.  I just wish it didn't take a performance hit in Vista.  It also has several other odd issues that I've become accustomed to when buying bleeding edge technology.  (e.g. the official drivers released in February 2007 are missing several features in Windows Vista.  Like good TV-Out support, Hibernation support, proper Ntune support.  The March 2007 released Vista beta drivers seems to cause a lot of people to have video driver crashes during games.  Check Nvidia's message board for more info.)
Once Nvidia straightens out their Vista drivers issues, this card will be golden.  As it is, the latest Beta drivers did improve performance... but it introduced some stability issues.
Also, EVGA's 90-day Step-Up program will hopefully allow me to jump into the 8900 series that is rumored to be released late-April 2007.
LASTLY... it puts off an odd digital whine in 3D games and when resizing windows.  I returned one (with green circuitboard) and got a new one form Amazon (black circuitboard) and it did the same thing.  Amazon reimbursed me the return shipping!  The digital whine isn't too bad, but its fairly annoying if you have your game sound really low.  I play with headphones, so I don't really care
This is a great little machine and has so many uses.  I bought 2 of them and 2 days later came back to Amazon to buy some more for gifts and the price has doubled... what's with that?  Keep looking and you'll find this at a hot price again eventually
Never having had any other headphones I don't really know how to compare these, but the speakers definetely work fine and I can identify different directions' sounds... but there is a small crackling in the background that won't go away and I can't find out why
As headphones they work fine but the microphone falls off repeatedly and this appears to be the result of a bad design.  After the 10th time the Microphone failed entirely and refuses to work.  I've isolated the problem to the microphone itself.  As headphones they are fine but in you need a microphone you should look elsewhere.  
I received them OK none broken or cracked. This price beats Walmarts price and these cases are as good as any slim cases I have ever used. I like the translucent back better than the black ones at Staples
In general, Lexar's USB drive does its job just as well as other USB drives; there isn't much of a difference except for the following:
1) portability 
good: it has a convenient way of attaching to your keychain
bad: this rubber holder only lasts for so long (in my case 6-8 months)
2) it is extremely durable. This drive survived a full 30 minute (clothes) washer cycle. When I took it out of the washer, I thought all the data and the drive was gone for good. To my surprise (after letting it dry for a day) it worked just fine. This is amazing!
I have also accidentally stepped on it while wearing shoes (not using all of my weight though) a few times on carpet and concrete; and still works fine.
Finally, I have dropped this drive on a variety of surfaces and it's still fine.
3) looks:
good: it is very easy to see since it is bright red
bad: it is fatter than other USB drives and it is bright red. The drive is pretty ugly.
It maybe good to note however, that the drive's structure is probably a good reason as to why it has survived my abuse. The bright red color's advantage has already been mentioned above
This is great.  It makes it easier for us all to listen to the music in the car
Bueno esta Quemadora Dvd muy buena recomendable, para los usuarios que quieran vivir una experiencia unica, es la mejor que ha existido, gracias amazon por vender productos de vanguardi
Before adding this antenna to my wireless router, I had unreliable connections.  Since adding it, I consistently get the high speed connection I'm paying for. 
I was a little worried about spending almost 70$ on this bag, but when I recieved it I was so impressed.  I really love this bag! Very well made!! The crocadile pattern is a lot more prominent than the picture shows, but I really like it. To be honest I shy away from croc patterns, but it really works with this bag! I have a 15.4 in. Gateway laptop and it fit perfectly in this bag
This bag is just pefect! I purchased it for my Dell Inspiron 6400 and, although the fit was pretty snug, I am very pleased with the purchase. It is easy to carry and above everything else, is very stylish and professional.
Excellent service, but I expected to see another model of the handbag. It looked different on the picture
I have used this machine for a few months now, but have not made use of all possible features. However, this is what I can say:
* basic copying, fax, scanning -- Excellent
* scanning with character recognition -- Excellent but would prefer to have options ala OmniPage
* duplex printing(printing on both sides) -- Very Good, except the menu digging is ackward
* build quality and overall performace -- Excellent, prints fast, few jams, feels very sturdy
* ease of use -- very good and straight forward
* features -- Excellent, loaded with capabilities
This machine is beautiful and no other machine I have used comes close, save for high end office machines costing $thousands. I can't get over how happy I am with this one, I've been waiting for a quality MFC since before they came out, and finally I am satisfied. Highly recommended
A great addition to the iH5 radio!  You could do without it, but being able to adjust volume from across my apartment is a great feature
I travel overseas a lot for my job. This little power strip is compact and enables you to keep ONE adapter on the end of it to plug into the funky wall plug and then use your "normal" plugs for operating four devices. Most Monster products are terribly overpriced and not worth the money (wires, cables, etc.) but this gizmo rocks
We've only had ours a week and I wish we'd bought it sooner.  The photos are sharp and every bit as good as commercially printed ones.  I like it that they are dry and can be handled right away unlike my big HP printer's photos which stay sticky for some time.
Having this gives such freedom to print and print photos to enclose in letters, to use in scrapbooking, and to frame for your home or for gifts.  Really convenient and takes very little space on the desktop
I'm a college kid, recreational audiophile and bass fanatic, studying engineering.  I started off building a custom sub encloser with dual Kicker CompVR 12" subs driven by a 1200W Sony amp. I haven't stopped searching for great sound since.
I'm running a pair of these off an H/K AVR240, combined with a JBL EC35 center, a JBL S120PII 400w sub, and two sets of E30 surrounds.
I'm big on trying anything before I buy it.  I was able to listen to these and the E80s (the dual 6" floorstandings) at a local audio store before they were discontinued.  I loved the sound of these and the Polk and Klipsich floorstandings of similar characteristics. With the JBLs at a fraction of the price here on Amazon, it was no question.  
The only issue was what model to get...
I heard very little difference in qualtiy between the E60s and E80s.  The dual 6" put out a bit lower frequencies, but the difference was so small that I wouldn't be able to notice without the speakers side by side.  Living in a small college apartment the E90s and E100s were beautiful, but a bit overkill for what I needed.  I deceided on these over the E60s with the hopes that a single 8" would draw less from my amp than the dual 6" for a bit less money.
Beautiful home theater and music speaker...
crisp highs, defined mids, and respectable bass.  They are a bit top heavy, as any tower will be.  and I love extremely low, loud bass, and as such, I suplemented the system with a sweet JBL sub.
Movies sound great:
Saving Private Ryan, Fifth Element, 40 year old virgin, Anchorman, etc... etc...
Music is also fantastic (with different amp settings tuned for genre):
Ambient, electronica, hip-hop, rap, jazz, 80s, classical, rock.
Ulrich Schnauss, Bonobo, DJ Shadow, Busta, Snoop, E40, Louis Armstrong, Michael Jackson, Bach, Korn, Metallica, Hoobastank, 311.
If you're looking for a quality tower speaker... this is it.
Bass fanatics, look at the S120PII.  you won't regret it.
~shakas~ 
Like the name suggests, the m-audio audiophile 2496 is for true audiophiles.  I have had this card for years and there still is few options that are on par with this card for the same money.  The audiophile has a full dynamic range of crisp audio with little distortion.  I connect my sound card via digital coaxial cable to my Harman Kardon avr 240 and the sound is amazingly clear.  
The one drawback to this card is it may be difficult for some to learn to use at first.  However, when quality is essential go with the Audiophile 2496. 
I have owned this backpack for almost two years and have put thousands of miles on it in NYC (my home town) and traveling on business across the US.
A place for everything and everything in its place.
First this thing has 3 major compartments and a 4th 'open' compartment; A padded laptop compartment large enough for a Mac 17" with enough room left over of books or magazines. The second compartment has an internal file folder compression panel, that keeps your paperwork flat, orderly and compressed against your body(If you ever had the paper clip come off of a 40 page document in your backpack you know how great this feature is). The final main compartment contains an integrated open-top mesh bag for your power brick and other miscellaneous computer gear. Again this has been designed to keep the weight compressed and close to your body. Each compartment has plenty of extra room beyond its required purpose. The forth 'open' compartment is stiff outer panel with a compression draw strings around the sides in which you can stuff: your book, newspaper, umbrella, rain jacket, lunch, magazine, camera, iPod or anything you need to securely stash away and retrieve at a moments notice while on the go. A great feature! Finally this rig is fitted out with no less than 5  additional zippered pockets and 4 pockets-inside-of-pockets AND: a separate gear bag, as well as a CD-ROM sleeve and a removable cell phone pocket on the shoulder strap.
The styling is professional enough of serious meetings. You can also carry the bag to the side with its well padded handle. This is key in elevators and subways.
All and all you can load this down for a 3 day road trip and it still feels solid and balanced on your back. 
Final notes: 
- Zippers are high quality with big rubber grips
- The black & grey color scheme will not show dirt and wear.
- Fits snug under airline seats
- Good padding on shoulders and back panel.
- Did I mention all the pockets?
Any down side?
Having this bag becomes an exercise in self control for pack-rats. 
When full this bag is BIG. But if you don't mind looking looking geeky and knocking people over when you turn around fill it up and your good to go. Other wise just limit your stuff.
The only reason I didn't give this item 5 stars is because I have only taken it on the road once, so as of yet I can't call it a worthy 'road warrior.' However, it is certainly a great case. Proportioned well and good design, with space for essentials. Would recommend for anyone looking for a good case for their 17" widescreen notebook
I bought this for my husbands birthday.  He was very excited.  He had been looking at bags at a local store and hadn't found anything as nice as this, especially for the price.  Plenty of room for his laptop and pens, notebooks, extra books, etc.  Very durable, highly recommend
I love the JLab MiniBlaster because no matter where I go I can have my favorite music with me.  The sound is clear and I found this product easy to use. I will be giving several of these for holiday gifts and birthday presents to friends and relatives, young and old.  The delivery was prompt, and I appreciated the friendly customer service in response to my questions
The cable set that comes in this item is what ought to have been included in the Airport Express.  This comes with a 2 meter RCA-ministereo, a 2 meter Optical-ministereo, and a 6ft power cable.  I found that both the RCA and Optical cables worked flawlessly with my receiver.  I wish that the power cable was a little longer and I would've liked to have received a white ethernet cable to complete this set.  The installation of any of these cable went very easily with the on caveat that you must ensure to remove the covers on the optical cable which may not be obvious to some
My engineering classes don't allow for the TI-83,86,89.  So I needed a calculator that allowed for matrix reduction, basic vector manipulation, and single variable integration for my engineering class.  The matrix reduction capabilities has been a major time saver especially on tests, particularly for solving systems of linear equations especially in my Statics, Dynamics, and Strength of Materials Class.  The "2-Line Natural Textbook Display" prevents me from getting lost in a calculation with multiple parenthetically nested expressions and is a must have.  The "scrolling" ability to grab values from previous calculations saves time and preserves accuracy, very nice.  The only thing preventing a 5 star rating is that I thought the exterior design make is awkward to use at times, but that is because I'm used to square calculators.  Also I would have like this model offered in black
It is a good universal remote control, I had several but this is the only one that could realy controles my TV wel
Theis is a small manuverable mouse.  I especially like it for playing games since it is very quick. I had one before and I would buy another if this one quits
I lost my original stylus (left it at a restaurant).  This replacement pack of styli are just like my original.  I have none of the problems the other reviewer had.  My stylus fits perfectly, and the telescoping top is just like my original.  This is a great replacement
I've used the SD-YD250 hundreds of times over the last 2 years and it still shows no significant signs of wear. Overall, the product is a five star because of its reliability and labor-saving convenience. I've used it equally for baking bread and making pizza dough. It can also save a lot of money, provided you purchase the yeast in bulk (for example 2lb). The single use yeast packages which are typically the only buying option at American supermarkets cost 20 times more per gram. Particularly great savings are possible when using it to make pizza dough. This takes the tedious work out of making your own pizza, and when the dough is refrigerated for later use, it tastes even better in my opinion.
Like most engineered products of our age, this one is full of cute features that add little value, or cause annoyance.
The yeast dispenser makes a marginal difference at best. If you use it, you (for the most part) create extra work for yourself because you'll have to clean it later. 
The dozens of different bake modes make the product more complicated to use. They make a marginal difference in baking results. I only use the quick bake mode, which takes 2 hours to complete. 
Let's say you make a mistake and start the unit using the wrong settings (easy to do given the many parameters you can set). You just push the reset or cancel button and start over, right? Nope, no such button exists. Then unplug the unit and plug it back in, right? Nope, the engineers decided it would be a cute feature to protect against power outages, so the unit remembers where it left off. Yes, but the instruction manual states that you can wait 10 minutes, and after 10 minutes it will forget, right? Nope, I tried this, too. The unit does indeed forget eventually, but it's more than 11 minutes. If you plug it back too early, the timer resets and you have to wait again.
To summarize, the hardware is excellent, and the software that controls it could hardly be dumber
This carry case is great. It would be even greater if it had a carry strap
OEM charger failed. Replaced with this one -- it's more compact & functions well
This product works great for my ibook G4 screen and also for cleaning off most smudges on the case, although it seems like I'm constantly getting new smudges on the screen.  Don't expect it to get off the spots that build up on keyboard over time, though.  Mr. Clean Magic Eraser works well for that ... but only if you make sure to thoroughly squeeze the water out before use on your computer.  Otherwise it may get in and ruin your keyboard
My 2 year old saw this in BJs and kept asking for it, so Santa brought it for him for Christmas. I think it's a good first guitar. He loves to strum it, but he definitely needs to be supervised to teach him to respect that it is a special musical instrument, not a toy. So far he has sat on it and used it as a drum and it's held up fine, but I don't think it would hold up with such continued abuse. It is recommended for children much older than he is, so I can't expect anything different. I do wish they made a smaller version of it so it would be more comfortable for him. For a better price than I see at Amazon, you can get a small Hohner guitar at a music store, which might be better quality, I'm not sure. Regardless, I am very happy with this guitar and I would recommend it for any child who shows a real interest in music. I would not buy it for a child just as a toy, unless you don't mind it being destroyed. I am planning to buy the guitar strap and will review that when I get it
I have both the 4 port and 2 port versions of these and they seem to work well with my Dell Optiplex 260 running Windows XP. My PowerEdge 500sc, 1400, and 1800 tend to lose the mouse and keyboard and have to be rebooted, but this may be a function of running Windows 2003 R2 on them. Also, the 1800 has a Promise SATA card which locks up with USB in general making this switch a problem (I had to go back to the PS2 KVM).  But with XP machines it seems fine
The connectpro USB KVM Switch costs a few dollars more but it really works the first time with no hassles.  I've been forced to use cheaper KVM switches at work and Windows XP never seems to play nice with them.  I use this one at home with two Linux machines and a desktop and laptop running Windows XP.  The switch worked the first time I connected everything together and has worked glitch free ever since
Works just as expected.  Switches quickly among two desktop machines and a laptop (all running WinXP).  Each machine takes &lt; 1 min to recognize, same as when plugging in any new USB device.  Very durable cables.  Was concerned about using wireless keyboard/mouse, but works great with the Microsoft Wireless Desktop, including the multimedia function keys.  Version of the switch that I received is black, not white as pictured
speakers give good sound quality and are small and unnoticeable at a good price all the things I was looking for in speake
I bought this switch last week. The installation was as easy as plug n play. No major problems so far. This switch is worth its price
I have bought this for about 8pp in my office for their Black and White desktop printer.  So far NOT ONE problem.  The toner is long-lasting and affordable.  Great quality- small desktop footprint.  Does a great job with envelopes, labels and even light cardstock.
I would highly reccommend to anyone
This Eton radio is the U.S. domestic version of the Chinese Tecsun PL-550 all-band pocket sized radio. The Chinese version is legended in the native language and utilitarian in appearance and less expensive. The Eton is, well, in English with slight curves. I have used and tested other Tecsun produced radios, including the PL-200 (Eton 10) and the Grundig eTraveller VII. This radio, like the other Tecsun models, has excellent frequency discrimination, as well as the ability to directly enter the frequency desired (if you know it), or scan through the AM, FM and many shortwave bands, find the stations you like and store their frequencies. Closely allied, for example, FM stations within 200 kHz (only the strongest will be heard on most commercial FM receivers) of each other, can be picked up with clarity, positioning the manuverable whip antenna. Very, very few radios, excepting expensive car radios, can boast such performance in the Unites States.  Now on the market are other comparable radios, all made by Tecsun in China using the very same sophisicated reception circuitry regelated previously to expensive shortwave receivers.  This model has other features as well:  two preset wake-up times for programs from preselected stations, scanning of all bands for stations and an antenna trimmer which permits optimizing reception on weakly received broadcasts, some 500 station memories and special reception selectivity for shortwave stations whose frequencies are almost overlapping.  For the price, this radio is simply an excellent value, but people wishing to receive shortwave broadcasts are warned:  shortwave reception from this radio, and every other shortwave radio for that matter, of stations other than the powerful broadcasters, benefits enormously from the use of an external long wire antenna.  Tecsun does provide a retractable wire antenna with the radio.  Alas, as with almost all radios this size, there is no single side band (SSB) reception, an enhancement that, defying digital technology, actually requires listener intervention to optimize and has great potential, but has, for the present at least, been consigned to the province of the technical listener more interested in ascertaining distant reception than actual broadcast information. The Dalai Lama for all his 5,000 watts SSB from Tibet can not be heard on this radio. China Radio shortwave, at 150,000 watts conventiona AM shortwave, with Canadian relay stations, does just fine. Australian radio, at the same power, Radio Havana, Radio Serbia, Croatia, Russia, Netherlands, Sweden, India, Israel, etc., at lesser power, and some with and most without relay stations, are also heard clearly on the Eastern seaboard during their times of broadcast - usually in the early evening EST
I've had my E-10 for around nine months and have been most impressed by it's performance. My interests in radio pretty much revolve around A.M.(or medium wave) DX'ing and shortwave listening. It's performance on A.M. is on a par with the highly regarded Kaito KA-1103 which I received for Christmas this year. Shortwave performance is very close, however, the Kaito is superior in this area (and features SSB tuning as well)F.M.? The E-10 is well above average but falls short of the Kaito KA-1103. I've yet to see a radio that can equal the Kaitos performance in this area, but the E-10 is closer than most.Build quality,ergonomics,and appearance are second to NONE and better than MOST. The slightly rubberized texture of this set just plain feels good when handling and adds to the to the overall impression that this is a "Top of the line" portable multi band receiver even though it's moderately priced.It's LCD digital display is one of the largest and nicest I've seen,very easy to see and well lit with a pleasant orange backlight. Other amenities such as 500 plus memories,12/24 hour clock,I.F. shift and antennae trim which are both useful in Shortwave reception,local/dx switch and the internal battery charger for NICAD or NIMH batteries all add up to make this a radio I'm glad I purchased and often recommend to those needing a radio of this type.Even the accessories included with this radio such as the carrying satchel,earbuds,and reel-up shortwave antennae are top notch! Now, if you're wondering why, after all this praise I only gave it a four star rating,and not a five it's because Eton did not provide SSB tuning capability on this receiver. And it's a shame because it's shortwave performance is good enough to utilize it. In my opinion they shortchanged this otherwise exceptional radio. Hence they only "hit a triple"(which is way more exciting nonetheless, I'm a baseball nut too) and not a home run
I only have a couple of problems with this remote. You have to keep pressing the buttons for dvd, vcr, audio, sat, etc. to change the setting. That sounds like I'm complaining a lot, and I am. (sue me. ha ha) The other is this. I bought this as a replacement for a remote that quit working. I can't teach it the functions that I need through the "learn" command since the orginal remote quit. Which kind of defeats the purpose of having a new remote. I have one of those all in in one home theater units and the remote wouldn't allow me to set the VCR clock and local channels after a power outage. 
Other than that, I have no problem with it
My husband and father both have this unit. It's really handy to have on road trips and to use while Geocaching. From our experience, it does take a while to download map information onto the unit, and a color screen would be nice, but for $200, I think it's a good value
Actually, I loved the Philips Acoustic Edge, an earlier and internal sound card, but it did not like my older dual-processor system.  Because of that I was a bit skittish about using their current internal card with a processor that uses hyper-threading - which Windows treats as dual processors.  I bought the Aurelium instead.  I love this thing!  I am a bit of an audiophile, and this sound card is just perfect.  With my Klipsch computer speakers, it makes a perfect combination
A nice little radio. Good sound for the price. I like the easy-to-read station indicator.
I love this item.  We bought 2 cases for our sons before we left for vacation.  It can hang from the seats but they just held them on their lap or layed it on the couch in the van.  The boys arranged everything in the case so the battery even fits in it.  I was glad about that.  I'd recommend this item.
The case was very well made and sturdy. Unfortunatly it was too small for my sony 7 in DVD portable player. Returning it to amazon was quick and easy. I wish it would have fit.
I just recently bought a sub-woofer and I spent a good deal of time searching for an interconnect. The interconnects I looked at ranged from ridiculously over-priced to questionably cheap. I knew I wanted it to be THX certified and of a length that would allow me some freedom of sub-woofer placement. This interconnect provided both at a very reasonable price. I must say after installing my subwoofer that this cable was a perfect choice. 
Some might say that the cost reflects a cables ability to provide good sound. Wrong. This is just as good as those 70 dollar interconnects. I do buy monster cable for most of my home theatre needs, but I do not buy into some of the hype surrounding Monster cable and their more expensive cables. 
Why only 4 and not 5 stars. I did not like the way the cable was packaged. The cable was folded down the middle and now the center of the cable has a crook in it. I would have perfered it to be wound around a plastic spool to avoid folding of the cable. 
Getting past that, its a good interconnect that produces great sound.
This is actually the second RCDW500C I have purchased.  The first is still working, but it has so many miles on it that I wanted to have a back-up ready when it is time to be replaced.  Sony electronics, in my experience, are some of the toughest in the business.  The old unit may last a lot longer.  I am on my third Sony TV in the last thirty five years; the second is still working for the person I finally gave it to.
I am very comfortable with the technology of the RCDW500C.  Once learned, this unit is a dream to operate.  It is user friendly, displaying all of the info the user needs for optimum use.  If you have questioins, the manual is well written, and will usually enable the user to solve any problems.  Sony is a very reputable company.  In my humble opinion, Sony has been out in front of virtually all of their competitors for a long time.  Their products have always been a good investment for me.
This is a great product for your mini.  The armband is well-constructed from a neoprene-type material (which doesn't slip when you're sweaty) with heavy-duty velcro all the way around, and the ipod holder is securly screwed onto it.  The rubberized skin keeps your iPod safe from sweat and provides some shock and scratch resistance.
This isn't a super-cheap armband, but as they say, you (usually) get what you pay for.  This should last you for years of gymming / running / biking
very good product.. actually came with a bonus 8 cd sleeve to attach to a car visor for free. very happy with the produc
I just received these and popped 'em in and I'm listening to MP3s on my PC.  At first, one of sides was really weak in volume.  In the process of testing the balance in my software, I accidentally cranked up the volume way to high for these guys, but that apparently did the trick.  Now both are equal, and sound good.  
There is decent bass, but the highs are a bit soft.  A quick tweak to my equalizer, and they're great.  After reading several of the reviews on Amazon, I was a bit worried about the sound, but now that I have them I'm very happy.  They're a good price, and sooooo much better than the little ipod-like earbuds I've tried before.  Those never stayed in my ear, and the bass never made me happy.  
Summary:
These Jbuds stay in my ear, have good sound (not great, but I think good for $20), and have equal length cords from each ear
 I have just started with an Apple ipod nano product and was not impressed with the factory included ear buds at all. They didn't sound real good and didn't come supplied with the ear bud pads in the box so they would just fall out of your ears. What's the deal with that? Next came the old Sony MDR 027 head phones from the closet. The Sony's have the old adjustable head bar so no more falling out of the ears now. They worked o.k., I guess, but in comparison these JBuds sound MUCH better than either of the previous ones. I'm now listening at half volume compared to about three quarters before and all sounds fine. I'm hearing parts of the music not audible before with the other two models. Crisper highs, great mid range, and responsive lows. Set up was fast too, just find the correct size ear bud pads out of the three different sized pairs supplied and your off and running. The JBuds actually stay in your ear. Wow what a concept. They are also very comfortable due to the fact I forgot they were in and started talking on the phone before noticing. The cord is just the right length for setting the ipod on a desk while still allowing plenty of movement or attaching it to a pocket. If you think you have a little too much just wrap some up with a bread tie. Better too much than not enough. So back to the closet with the Sony. 
 I guess what it all boils down to is you could do a whole lot worse than these especially for a mere twenty bucks. I couldn't have made a better choice for the money and quality. You should do the same. 
 Another quick note. The shipping went great. Not too long at all and with standard USPS. Thanks Amazon
It can transfer Flash drive & SD card to a car mp3 player. That's very nice. I love it..
Wonderful.  Holds all my songs, holds my books on tape so I can listen on the road.  Photos are large and sharp.  Very easy to use and easy to download. The dials are excelent, on-off and volume work flawlessly.  I have many products such as car adapter, speakers, external charger, and external microphone and all work great.  I highly recommend the unit.  I would never get less then 60 gigs, plenty of space for all of my needs.  On my recent trip to California this was the only thing I took for entertainment; never listened to a song twice
This is my second one of this model, I burned up the first myself when we moved and I accidentially plugged the wrong transformer into it (too much voltage = smoke).  I found it easy to configure, set up WEP keys, MAC locked everything using the web-based interface.  It worked great with our LinkSys Media extender - we watch recorded tv from our Media Center pc on our plasma screen tv three rooms away using this device.  No problems whatsoever.  Hasn't slowed down my internet connection either.  I am buying another one today to serve the mobile computer lab at work. 
I've been in the newspaper business for many years, and I've always used recorders at governmental meetings, interviews, etc. -- much easier and faster than taking notes, and it allows me to focus more on my subject. Until now, I've never had a recorder that could pick up everything without a lot of background noise or without having to turn the tape over or replace it in the midst of the event. This little Sony is the perfect size, picks up everything without all that background noise and plays it back crystal clear. Additionally, it has a long battery life, and I never run out of room while I'm taping. I couldn't ask for more
Out of the box and into the attic.  Followed the instructions and I'm receiving perfect signals for my 46" SONY HDTV set from Pensacola, FL (approx 20 miles) and Mobile, AL (approx 50 miles).  I did read the instructions and followed them, I believe the folks that aren't happy with this model didn't read and follow the instructions
unlike most tech gadgets that are a little outdated, this product stands in nearly every aspect. The sleek, supreme design by F.A. Porsche makes this product appearance timeless, and its preformance is outstanding, more effective in this model than its smaller, slower (80Gb, 120 Gb) counterparts. The autostart is a little slow for me (its the USB model, not firewire, remeber), but is a totally acceptable feature for the price, design & performance cost-benefit equilibrium. Excellent purchase
He estado disfrutando de este tv por alredeor de 5 dias, la imagen es muy buena, facil de instalar, lo unico que se deberia mejorar es el sonido. 
The GOOD: We plugged in our new LNS2651D on 3/7/7, about an hour northwest of Tampa Bay.  Right out of the box,with an old Rabbit Ear antenna, we received five HD broadcasts.  The picture is amazing in both color and clarity.  The BAD: We reset the sound coming directly from its speakers, but because of speaker location underneath/below the screen,it lacks sparkle, esp at low to med. volume. The UGLY:  Imagine sending your intelligent,pretty young daughter out on her first date, with shoveled-on make-up, and wearing a cheap black vinyl dress.  The "Piano Black" case on this tv is a nightmare!  It shows a rippled effect, which gets distracting and even more tacky when outside light shines (even lightly) on it.  I'm hoping after the R&D department who designed the case, is sent to Siberia, they redeem themselves by designing a Matte Finish slip- cover for this otherwise excellent TV
Monster has always had the reputation to being the best in quality for their products... When you think of wires, you cannot help think of Monster Cable... I used this cable to connect my carputer to my factory head unit... Ran up the middle of the car, grouped with a VGA cable and multiple USB cables, there is no feedback at all.. i was worried the VGA feed may leak into this cable but monster did not let me down.. I highly recommend this product... but as others on here have stated.. little pricey... in the end 'you get what you pay for!
I've had a GE and a Sony (CD543RM) kitchen under counter units.  I've also tested a few others in stores.  The Sony 543 model is superior to any other unit out their and the Sony 553 is superior to the Sony 543.  The 553 is worth the extra bucks for the better sound quality and AM/FM reception. 
I originally bought my daughter an iLive IBCD3816DT boombox for her birthday. The hiss was unbearable, so I took it back and purchased this product. Much better quality control and it docks perfectly with her 2GB ipod nano using the supplied insert. Very pleased with this product and would recommend it to anyone. It sounds great, looks good, and the controls are very intuitive.
This is perfect (so far) and exactly what I needed.  I have been looking for a new keyboard to work with my desktop, which sits right next to mu Polycom Conference Phone.  I have been looking for something that was silent and took up less desktop space.  I work out of a home office when I am not on the road so I need something that works.  I spend a lot of time on the phone, so I want to be able to type without everyone on the call knowing it.  Perfect.  Setup took about 15 minutes with absolutely no hitches and no issues - the first time that has happened for me with a LogiTech prouct.  I had read these reviews and was prepared for a grueling install, but instead it happened so quickly I was right back to work fully functional.
I use my HP Media Center as the base PC for my office and printers - the workhouse of my office, but I have a ThinkPad X60 Tablet in a docking station.  I connect from the Media Center to the ThinkPad using remote computing and it works like a champ new keyboard, mouse, keypad and all.
This is a great keyboard, mouse, and numeric keypad combination.  We will see how long the batteries last, but so far so good. A+
I made the mistake to buy the Kensington laser pointer before this one. The Kensington is a good one, very well made, but it is slightly more expensive and lacks the mouse control. I to not know any cheaper model with mouse function. I can maybe prefer a bit the ergonomy of the Kensington, together with the very practical possibility to store the USB receiver inside the unit, but this is probably just my taste and the hiro is quite comfortable either and lighter. My kensington has the embarrassing feature that the laser pointer is interpreted as RETURN on some applications (Exporer on Windows and Opera on Mac OS, for instance). I do not know it that is a bug or if there is some reason for that. However the Hiro does not have this behaviour and that is another reason for which I prefer it.
The wheel system of the Hiro presenter is very practical. Compared with my Kensington I found no difference in the quality of the laser: both do their job perfectly. The mouse control is simple and practlical and it will take a very short time to be confident with it. My unit worked perfectly wothout extra software on both Mac an PC. Overall I am extremely satisfied. 
On the minus side, the labels on the button on the side are printed with very poor colours. the "fn" label diapperared immediately after a few days of usage. A bit disappointing, but, after all, nothing really important. The unit also lacks programmable buttons, but I do not know any presenter with this feature. 
Bottomline. This presenter works well, it is not expensive, and the mouse control is a true must
All of the PC to Stereo cbales I could find in the stores were only 6ft long.  Due to the furniture arrangement in my living room, I needed a longer cable to make the connection.  I was also worried about loss of sound quality over long distances.  The 20 ft Monster Cable took care of both those issues for me. The connections are solid and the sound quality is great.  It was well worth the money
I bought this mouse about three months ago, and I love it.  It works on every surface, and the scroller works well too.  The only complaint I have is that the cord is rather short (about 2.5 feet long), and it plugs into the left-hand side of my laptop, which means that I only have about a foot to work with.  Although, I think that complaint can be shared equally with the Dell people for putting the USB port on the left (good deal for the left-handed population, I guess).  Some people have complained about the wind-up function for the cord getting tangled, but I haven't had any problems with that
These phones are great.  Sound quality is very good, including the speaker phone option.  Phones have many handy features, and all features are intuitive to use.  No problem with the range.  Very easy to set up.  Battery life has proven to be no concern so far.  The phones feel comfortable in the hand.  I couldn't be happier
This is the best photo printer I have seen.  I work at a print shop and it tops the very expensive printers that I use.  I am also a photograher and image and color quality is very important to me.  I get excellent results with this printer.
Very pleased with the high capacity cartridge with my Epson Stylus CX6600.  "Compatibles" do not compare
Nothing much to comment about on an ink cartridge...it works as it should.  If they could only reduce the cost of these things then I would be impressed
As homeschoolers, we were in search for a laminator that could help us preserve the various documents we woul be using year in and year out.  The QuikFinish PLH4100 10" Laminator has done an exceptional job.  Easy to use, as my wife had it out of the box and using it within minutes
THIS IS WHAT YOU WANT,"TOP OF THE LINE" NEVER GET LOST AGAIN NO MORE SPAT WITH YOUR FRIENDS, OR OTHERS. JUST GET THE MAGELLAN AND YOU ARE ON YOUR WAY. EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE ONE
like the other guy, not much can be said. works. works well. end of story.  The only thing i would have liked to see was integration of sorts into a pci slot or something, to keep it within the case
Item works perfectly fine.  A little slow on the shipping, so I suggest getting the faster shipping with the purchase of your item.  My experience could not have been better.  Excellent job thank you very much.  Great experience. 
After installing the card, I booted up my Windows XP and it locked up.  After rebooting again, however, the card worked fine and has continued to work fine.
I've only had the card for two days, and so far I am very happy with it. Here's my setup: Windows XP Home Edition, Direct TV set-top box, and a standard cable from the set-top box into the card.  Since the set-top box is in the other room, I'm just using the set-top box remote to set it on the right channel.  A little tedious, but it's fine for recording a few shows.  I haven't tried the remote that came with the card (I assume it doesn't work through walls).
The WinTV 2000 software is not very user friendly, but I haven't found any bugs in it yet.
I chose not to install the software and drivers from the CD.  Instead, I downloaded all of the latest versions directly from the manufacturer's web site
We got this phone about 3 years ago.  In the past month, the buttons have begun to be an issue.  You can press and press a button and maybe on the 3rd try, it works.  Finally go another phone.  As with all things today, it isn't made to last.  However, the price makes it less painful to have to buy another so soon
I use this product with Tiki Navigator navigation s/w to connect my garmin gps 76 map to my laptop.  This product was recommended by Tiki Navigator to use because it was previously reviewed as performing perfectly, which it does.  It installs easily and with the blue led allows you to see if power is still connected.  Highly recommended
I use this with a PC running on Windows XP Home Edition SP2 and it works marvels. Damn, I didn't even need to install the drivers that came with it. I just grabbed the USB cable, plugged it in and started making sequences on Sonar 4.
No latency, nothing.
I recommend this product for both PC and Mac users
When I first got a wireless network at home I purchased a Kensington WIFI Finder.  It worked fine.  But as time went on I saw these smaller versions come out from Chrysalis Development.  I heard they were more powerful and more versatile.  So I bought one.  I was NOT disappointed.  Since it was about the same size as my keyless entry remote for my car, it fit perfectly on my keychain.  Also it has a much longer range than the others.  But best of all, it is directional.  Meaning I can simply turn my body while holding down the button and the LEDs change instantly as the signal strength increases or decreases.  What a great product. I Love it! 
This product work perfectly in the Epson printer! The quality of printing is great!
With all the reviews about how easy the Nano scratches, I left the protective film on until I found the right case the next day at CC (they had just received them that day), sorry Amazon but the Nano did come from you.  Anyway the case is certainly up to the standard of the Nano itself.  It comes with a peel off protective strip that fits over the screen itself.  I have noticed the click wheel was a little slow to respond with the shipping film on it, but since when this case is open the click wheel is directly accessible, it works great.  It fits snugly in this case, yet is easy to remove though removal is not necessary to charge or update. The case has a felt inner lining which seems protect it and may provide some shock protection in case of falls. I have used it daily for 2 weeks with no scratches at all.  The belt clip is sturdy and secure.  The magnetic snap for closing it works great. The case can be closed with headphones attached, but of course to make adjustments it has to be opened which is easily done while on the belt clip as it unfolds to allow easy access. This case is as cool as the Nano itself and I would very highly recommend it. I hope Belkin makes the same case for the new IPOD
I have been looking for a larger CF card for my Dell Axim x50v. the seagate CF drive does not work. finally, i got this working for this price. I think it's good.
The Wireless Lavalier Microphone System is perfect for informational interviewing and personal media management. It provides a portable option to amplified audient properties and gives the user a greater degree of movement during presentations. It can be used as a binary system, (two separate microphone systems and a small amplifier are needed)to interview your favorite personality, take testimonials or to exchange opinions with local leaders. The Wireless Lavalier makes the idea addition to any media kit
The best sound I've ever heard in a radio. I also own a Cambridge Soundworks 730 and a Bose Wave CD/Radio.
Despite the fact that this is a mono radio, its sound is incredible accurate, warm and powerful. The bass is astounding and the highs crystal clear.
I agree with a report I've read in CNET that states this is probably the best sounding radio ever made. 
This was my first GPS system of any kind.  I wasn't sure what to expect.  I have a small Mazda Miata so I wanted a small-screen GPS that did not overwhelm my small dashboard and this did not disappoint.  I was afraid that the screen would be too small, but it's perfect.  I don't think a bigger screen would do anything more than take up more space. 
I live in New York City and before putting it in my car I walked with the GPS unit in my hands.  Perhaps because of the tall buildings and the slow walking speed it took more than 30 minutes for it to initially receive a satellite signal.  I was convinced it was defective.  It's not.  Once I put  it on the dash of my car and began driving it acquired a satellite signal within a few minutes.
This unit comes with a 128Mb Micro SDcard onto which you can load a few state maps at one time.  I ordered a 1Gb Micro SDcard along with this GPS (for approx. $11 on Amazon) and loaded ALL of North America at one time. This eliminates the need to re-load maps when traveling anywhere in the country. It's worth the extra effort. This unit can be quickly moved from one car to another, especially a rental car anywhere in North America.  
My very first test of this thing was on the very complicated underpasses and overpasses in northern Manhattan and the Bronx.  It was flawless!  It's impossible to get lost with this thing.  Occasionally I've made a turn too early or too late and within seconds it will re-calculate the best route.  The combination of the voice prompts, the highlighted route you need to go, and the current and next street(s) at the top are excellent. Also, the estimated arrival time in the lower left is nice, but does not account for traffic jams.  The arrival time will just keep getting pushed back the slower you travel.  It's kind of a "best traffic scenario" prediction.
This is so easy to use I'm thinking of buying one for my 68-year-old mother who doesn't have a clue when it comes to technology, but I'm convinced she could use this without a problem (once I've loaded the maps for her.)
If not having bluetooth and all the other latest bells and whistles on a GPS system doesn't bother you (as it doesn't bother me) buy this, you won't be sorry!
need to info customer that Optical sound cable is required for sound from PS2 console
If your a serious gamer and want the best quality money can buy, like me, I would highly suggest this product. Sounds are crystal clear, and fiber optics is the next step up in technology. My first question for you would be, "how much do you invest in your gaming?". Once again, if your like me the answer is a lot. My next question would be "how important is your audio experience?" YOu dont know what your missing out on until you actually experience the difference. Very happy with this product
I was very pleased with the improvement of picture quality (colour and clarity) over the standard playstation cable. Anyone with an S-Video input should consider making this simple upgrade
Product performs per specifications and is easy to use.  Would like to see fuse easier to replace
My high school is making us buy these calculators, and I want to say it is definately worth the price!  This thing works wonders, and it will do ANYTHING Math-realated that you want to do!!!!!!  I would strongly encourage you to buy this calculator.  It also comes with a great unit converter and the periodic table, so it's great for students like myself to use.  BUY THIS CALCULATOR!!!!!  You can also hook it up to your computer through a USB cable, so you can view your screen that is on the calculator, on your computer monitor, and you can back up and restore your RAM memory
Received exactly what I ordered at a fair price
My wife's grandmother (the person this was bought for) LOVES this phone..."it's easy to use with large buttons & friendly "controls".  I loved the price & ease of setup...  Answering machine is flawless & the handset gets great reception.  Perfect all around:
Great item.  Picture great, sound great, connection choices great.
One problem:  Being located about a foot away from an under-cabinet radio, the presence (shut off) of this TV produces an annoying ratteling sound in the radio.  To eliminate this sound you must unplug this TV from the power source! Or, optionally, move it at least three feet away, which in our case is not practical.
Very curious!
The EyeTV 2.x software is a bit rough around the edges (compared to Dish DVR and Tivo), but it's very usable and works great.  I bought this so I can watch the Maryland Terrapins at work (CBS MMOD blacks out local games) and it's great to be able to infinitely adjust the video window.  You can record the program and watch it at lunch or when you get a chance.  
You will need a good antenna and I wish they provided one like Miglia.  But guess what, you can buy the Miglia magnetic antenna and it works better than many larger antennas from Radio Shack or Target.  The Miglia antenna comes apart and can go with you on travel.  Imagine watching local HDTV on the road without having to use the hotel cable.
[...]
Product Description:  Portable ATSC antenna for TVMini HD. This antenna is not suitable for analog products such as TVMicro and TVMax.
It works with the Hybrid very nicely and only costs $15 US.  It took 4 weeks to arrive, but it's worth it and works much better than the two arial with loop antenna I got for 2x as much
Radio Shack wanted $39.95 for a similar item so at $9.95 this was a steal - swr is good and performance is as much as I need for Corvette runs although it hears well and gives a good transmit signal for the small size far beyond what I need.  I did have to put a metal plate on the Vette (discreetly) as it wouldn't stick to the fiberglass.  Good produc
The product shipped immediately, a new Dell AC Adapter from Cable4Less. I am extremely happy with the company and the charger's performance as I needed a second one so I would not have to keep plugging in and out my primary charger. I didn't think I could get such a good deal on a real Dell product
Without a doubt this is the best product of its type, I looked at several others priced significantly higher, and after setting up the AM2 it was clear I had made the best choice
I have a 40" Samsung LCD and wanted an arm that would both extend and also be able to hold 50 lbs or so.  This arm feels solid and does the job; the tv hasn't fallen yet.  One thing to be sure of is to check the size adapter plate you will need to connect the arm to your tv.  My arm came with a 200 x 100, but I needed a 200 x 200 plate and had to order it separately.  I would recommend this arm
I did a bit of internet research for this, and a site devoted to luggage was RAVING about this. What can I say? They were right, and it is just an unbelievable value. I love it. 
I got it because I do alot of walking for my commute, had started a class that required me to do alot more to get there and the book was massive. My back was already complaining about what I was carrying around on a daily basis. I ordered it and it arrived in 2 days, My back was and is so grateful.
It is tough! the sidewalks aren't in the best shape, and I'm always pulling it up and down over curbs and had a couple of days of ice and snow, and the wheels are scuffed up but still no worse for wear (although the little pad on the bottom for cushioning your hip if you wear it over your shoulder fell off, but why would I want to carry it like that anyway). Very well designed, with plenty of compartments, and padded computer sleeve is removeable. It maneuvers well, is light with a comfortable handle and strap (gel-like). I can grab it by the handle and walk up the metro stairs with no problem.
A quality case for a great price
I bought this bag as a replacement for another roller bag for my 17" laptop and was surprised at how compact the design is and how weight conscious it is.  The storage capacity and location for such things as chargers and cords in the space where the roller frame is makes this thinner than my previous bag.  I also appreciate the smaller zippered pocket on top for things like plane tickets and things that you need quick access to.  As an engineer, I must say the design is well worth the price and certainly is a practical way to carry a larger laptop
I needed something to hold my iPod while I skateboard, and this works like a charm. Never moves an inch. Can get a litle uncomfortable if sweating a lot
I use this when working around the house, in the yard and at the gym.  Stays in place very well and gives easy access to the control wheel of my IPOD.  Has stood up to more than a year of heavy use and is still doing well for me
My mother-in-law had one of these that she uses to clean her sewing machine.
I rebuild computers and thought how handy this would be and how much money I would save on air cans that are $5 ea. and I have bought a million of. I love this little vacuum attachment set, it works great and has a multitude of uses and has already saved me a bundle...Thanx Cyber-Guys!!!! YOU ROCK!!
I use Print Works CD/DVD envelopes and was worried when I ordered this product that the envelopes wouldn't fit top-up which is important for me because I label the tops of my envelops to make looking through them easier. The envelopes are just a hair over 5" wide and they fit into these storage boxes perfectly. There is just enough room on either side to make flipping through the dvds easy. I ordered four of these and am glad I did. I keep them on a shelf side-by-seide and the make a perfect card-catalog-type filing systemfor all my dvds. I will most definately be ordering up more of these when I need more room; these boxes are great. If you use a 5" wide envelope, rest assured that these boxes are just the right size to fit all your dvds.
Ordered 2 items...Ideastream CD Storage Boxes and Fellows CD Sleeves. which is obviously 2 different manufacturers. When ordering, I clicked on a combination option to order both. Needed 10 of each...the "10" only tranferred to 1 item, not both.  Was not noticed until transaction completed and received a verification.  Called customer service and found out there were two "customer Services" to deal with.  Could not change the order even though it was less than 5 minutes when I first called.   Customer Service is obviouly not in the US...had a communication problem and could not get a "supervisor" as no one was available for 2 hours.   ended up paying for 2 freight charges because we had to place a 2nd order to get the quantity needed.   Could not get any help...will look elsewhere before we place another order of that type.
Items were exactly what was needed.    Amazon Customer Service was non-existant
This product is a must have for your Shure earphones.  Once you use this with the earphones you will not want to use the headphones without, it just takes a little getting used to
I agree with the prior review of these JBL E10s, however I'd go to the E20s for a small room main stereo set--better bass worth the slight price increase.  Bought for rear channel (RC) use, I find the E10s quite "airy", with what seems like a better high frequency response than the main E30s I just bought from A'.com (see my 5 Star review), giving extremely open and detailed "surround" RC performance.  
NOTE: The specs listed on A'.com for the E10s state "Bi-wireable: Yes" BUT...unless JBL has just changed the terminals to do this that's wrong--mine have just a single terminal set, and DON'T BOTHER with the pricey speaker mounts offered as accessories (unless you plan ceiling installs) as they come with two "slide down" screw slots attached to the back for wall installation.  
Surfing for the BEST PRICE, I bought mine refurbished from [...] for a LOW $53.00 bid plus $18.00 S+H directly from JBL and you may find the E30s/E20s from JBL as refurbs there as well.
As RC speakers--ESPECIALLY at the price I got them--I recommend them highly, well deserving the 5 Star rating given
I had a 1st generation shuffle and upgraded to a 60gb video which I adore! However, I found that whenever I went running I was stealing my old shuffle back from my daughter.  I bought this shuffle for my husband and fell in instant love with it.  I really like how portable it is and you can't beat being able to just clip it onto your clothing.  No arm straps, no more lanyards.  So now I have the 60 gig for my entire library of music and videos and the shuffle for exercise
The mouse itself is very nicely designed and cool looking. I use it with my Apple Mac G5. The optical tracking is great, no moving parts. The scroll wheel is indispensable for browsing the web and scrolling through documents. I just wish the software that comes with it would be more stable, less buggy. I had to uninstall it and use another mouse driver with more options, functions and less bugs
My mom bought me the candlestick phone and it is great. My friends love it, too. It looks really cool and the ringtone it just like my grandmas old phone. I can hear everybody really clear and they have no problem hearing me. I am very happy with this phone
I got mine for about 1 week ago to match with my MBP (silver theme). Someone mentioned about the light indications not showing as they should, or in the wrong way but mine works fine.
CONS:
- light indicator shows exactly which USB ports are in use. 
- Small in size
- Has USB port on top which comes in handy.
- Enough USB power- so far I didn't have to plug in the power charger yet. 
- Comes with a USB plugged light. 
- Comes with a extended USB cable (for you to connect the hub to your computer)
- the USB plug is silver + transparent in color which looks kinda nice.
PRONS:
- it camed with some minor scratches on the hub's surface although I just took it out from its sealed package carefully. Those surface scratches aren't too noticeable. (Didn't want to return it and waste time & money). 
- as many have already mentioned, the USB cable is connected to the hub permanently. 
Other thoughts:
- The USB cable connected the the hub is pretty thin. It'd be a good feature (look less noticeable) f you treat the cable nicely, but if you are harsh on the cable, it feels like it may break. Will be GREAT if this hub has firewire ports, but I'm very happy with this item
I've owned this pocket pc for a week now with very little problems.  I don't know anything about an upgrade but so far I haven't had any major problems with it.  When I left it in the car and then came home it wouldn't turn on.  I noticed it was very warm but as soon as I did a soft reset the device turned on.  The soft reset doesn't make you lose all your data.  I just had to reset the date.  I've had to do this a couple of times so far.  
 I did purchase a 2 gig sd card and have lots of room.  I recommend that you shop around for the 2 gig memory card however because I bought mine from amazon and then I found it cheaper at best buy.
I am really happy with this product. I love the way it looks.  It's easy to figure out and I'm not really savvy with electronic gadgets.  I did sign up for hotmail so I could use the msn features.  It was easy to sync my music to the device and the download is done automatically with the sync.  The music sounds great with a great pair of headphones. I use the calendar which helps to remind of events and appointments.  Also use the task button which reminds of stuff that needs to be done.  Great for the highly stressed out who tend to forget things. There is also a feature to write a note in your own handwriting and then the device turns it into typewritten words.  Really neat!
I use the recording device to record my class lecture and it's a little hard to hear but there is a lot of noise in the classroom and I sit in the back and the teacher is up at the front.  But the important thing is that I could understand what was being said so i could transcribe it.  As a nursing student I was able to purchase and download nursing programs from a website with no problems and they run great.
I just can't believe all the features that come with this pocket pc.  I have no regrets making this purchase.  I look forward to reading more reviews on this product and learning everything it can do.  So far it's been fun
An outstanding platform for Windows mobile operating system.  Flawless syncing with home/office desktop.  Clear, high resolution screen is a joy compared to my previous Palm based PDA's.  Wireless functioning is reliable and seamless.  Ergonomics are excellent.  Good to above average batery life with power saver options.  Would highly recommend this product
When it comes to ink for my R1800 photo printer, I am concerned with the quality of the images I print. The Epson matte black UltraChrome Hi-Gloss ink cartridge provides superior resistance to water, fading and smudging. It is important to me that my prints are of high quality, so I don't attempt to use the cheaper compatible ink cartridges. The color can be duplicated, but all inks are not created equal.  Third party options may produce a good print initially, but may not hold up or last as long.
PROS:
Provides superior resistance to water, fading and smudging
CONS:
Pric
This is the correct ink for my printer.  I do not buy lower priced substitutes.  It was great to find this on Amazon at a good price and eligible for free shipping.  I only wish Amazon stocked the complete set of inks for this printer which I purchased from them. 
It's a good phone, works well. I like the Caller ID & Function buttons being a different color than from the rest of the phone, makes them easier to see & use. It has good sound & a ring tone that doesn't jangle the nerves.
The only problem I had with it is that the cord goes directly into the phone & one must use the cord that the phone comes with, rather than one already in use. I purchased an adapter so that I could plug it into an extension phone cord because we needed to put it some distance from the wall jack. Not a big deal in my book but one I didn't learn about until I got the phone.
Overall I am pleased with it
While these recorders are considered "old fashioned" by electronic geeks, they are very useful for those of us who just want to use the counters and go to specific areas of a tape.  Mine paid for itself in the first 5 minutes of a legal deposition when I jogged the momory of a forgetful witness with his own words on tape.  He still insisted he couldn't remember anything, but had to admit it was his voice and that he -- being the model of honesty and truth -- must have been trying to tell the truth when he spoke.  Very effective, these "old-fashioned" recorders. 
After 8 months of thinking, "these (foam inserts that came with my E3c's)will last forever" I broke down and ordered these replacements as the originals were getting quite dirty.   Whoa!  The new ones made me realize how much my originals had hardened.  My great sound and comfort was back - and the decay was so gradual I didn't even realize what I was missing!
So, 5 stars for performance, but 3 stars for what amounts to some pretty expensive foam ear plugs.  Avg=4stars
I needed to have an s-video feed from my classroom computer to a projector and to a TV/Monitor.   This proved to be the most cost-effective solution to the problem.  It works just as hoped
This cable was just what I needed to connect my stereo to my computer's sound card across the room.  I've been converting old LPs to digital files, and having a well-built cable probably improved the sound quality considerably.  Amazon's price was unbeatable too
Opened the enclosure, plugged in my hard drive, connected it to my PC, and it worked. Simple as that.
I spent a whole 10 seconds realizing that the instructions provided showed that I had to remove a single screw from the back panel when I really had to remove two screws, but that was the only (very minor) problem.
There is no fan in the case, which means the only noise is from the hard drive itself. I am assuming the case itself acts as a large heatsink, but I havent yet monitered temperatures on the hard drive itself.
I am pleased with the enclosure, and would happily recomend it to anyone
We bought this to use with our WS-300M to record a class. We thought the stereo would result in a better quality recording. In the end, we set the recorder to MONO (HQ) because the speaker moves his head and the sound travels from one channel to the other! Good quality but distracting. Save your money and buy the mono mic. The quality is excellent in either setting.
Buy the way, in case you miss it, this mic does come with a cable to connect it to the recorder
I purchased this GPS back in April of 2006 and have been very happy with it since.  It is not perfect, but you have to remember that this is not a dedicated street navigator or hicker GPS, it's a hybrid of the two and with that there are compromises.
In the car:  It is accurate and maps routes quickly 90% of the time.  The other 10% of the time it either looses signal, has outdated maps (my update is ordered and on it's way as I type), or just slow processing for some reason.  Of this 10% of the time I'd say only 2% of the time has this been an actual problem for me.  The rest of the time I was able to simply guess what I needed to do next or it didn't matter at all.  I have not found a perfect way of fixing the slow route calcuations, but the vast majority of the time this hasn't been an issue.
On foot:  One of the features that sold me on this was the fact that it had a long lasting battery and it was waterproof.  Both qualities needed to be used for hiking.  The only catch is you have to turn off the lock to roads, otherwise you will get some really confusing directions!  Also it is difficult to program in destinations by coordinates as opposed to addresses, but it can be done (put in and address then change everything including the coordinates in the confirmation screen before hitting route!).
On Boat:  Haven't tested this as I don't have a boat, and haven't purchased the water based maps.
Overall I'm very happy with this and looking forward to the map update.  I wish it was a little faster on route calculating and map drawing, and that it was easier to imput exact coordinate points.  It's still better than buying/lugging around 2 seperate GPS systems to me
I received my package within three days via the Super Saver Shipping (cost me nothing). The printer is great, too. I used the Brother 1440 series before and now upgraded to HP and I'm impressed. The printer shoots out the first page immediately without having to warm up, and its very light weight and small size making it more portable. I love it
Bought this Mp3 player for my girlfriend for christmas. She loves it. It is small and easy to use. The headphones could be better though. The process of puting songs onto the player is simple and fast. Considering you cannot hear the music without headphones...and the headphones that come with it are not very good, it only gets a 4 out of 5
I recently bought one of these babies for my niece seeing that she loves music but I was unwilling to pay an arm and a leg. It was a reasonable price and offers just what it delivers. She seems to really enjoy and found it to be easy to load both music and documents. The only real problem that I had with is that it costed less a few days after I purchased it. But that's really a personal problem
I own one in each color for my multiple pair of earbuds. I have to say that the only way to improve upon this product, other than offering more color combinations, would be to make it bulletproof, which it damn near is already. A wonderfully convenient and stylish accessory. Although $15 might come across as steep for such a small product, the cost becomes easier to justify as you begin purchasing more expensive earbuds. The $100+ Shure earphones are a sizable investment and must be protected. The Sendstation Earbuddy meets that demand better than any other product in it's category
The card works great in my camera.  No problems.  I would recommend the product
This card was easy to install and works well. I have very little experience even opening a compter box. Making a spot for the connection to come out of the computer case turned out to be the most difficult part.
Awesome video card.. Im using this with Dvi cable on my 22 inch Viewsonic lcd. I must say it installed great and looks awesome!! Great card for the money def a happy customer!! :
I've had two RM-EZ2 for over a year now (on different TVs) ... very satisfactory indeed.
pro:
-very smooth action, easy to press buttons, fine for big clumsy fingers and poor eyesight
-always works without fussy pointing
-good battery life
con:
-eventually one will accidentally depress the wrong CBL or TV button and wonder why the remote no longer works ...
the cure is simple, just depress the correct button, but if you forget that they are there, you might think the remote is broken - it's not, it's you.
-There seems to be no way to generate the code to put your TV into setup mode - so don't throw away the manufacturer's original remote if you ever want to put the TV into setup mode
  Great portability, Good picture for the price. I like the fact that I can plug this player into any TV and play DVD's and also take it in the car, camping or anywhere. I also purchased a small set of external speakers which will really improve the sound. Onboard speakers a little lacking but overall a great value
This photo paper is truly top of the line, profession grade paper. I have been using it for a few years in making very large photo prints - and they always turn out great.
This is extremely high quality photo paper best used in Canon photo printers.  The 13" by 19" is used best with the Canon I9000 printer series, with a web of 13".  This paper resists moisture damage and has archival quality. 
I have owned this for about a week and wanted to share some initial thoughts.  All in all pretty pleased with the purchase.  It was well packaged and worked flawlessly with my iPod Mini.  There are five additional templates that can be used to dock different models.  Panicked at first because they didn't have one for the Mini, but it was already installed on the model.  Cons:
- Light dimmer has three settings, but even the lowest is too bright.  You can turn it off and it can be controlled by the remote.
- No ability to set a permanent alarm by day of week.  For example 7:00AM Monday to Friday, no alarm on Weekends.
- Wake to music starts and accelerates to the preset (by you) volume in something like 7 seconds so it is definitely not gentle.
- Sound is great for an alarm clock.  Don't think it will compare with a mini stereo or Bose SoundDock.  
Would buy again at the price
 The first ipod clock radio I bought was an Emerson iTone that was very disappointing. After returning it, I did a bunch of research, and decided to order the i177 (white). I am very happy with the unit. The sound is great. While it is not a Bose, it sounds way better than your average alarm clock. The controls are very intuitive and simple to use. I have a 4th generation ipod, and it fit perfectly. Another great feature is the display dimmer. You can turn the backlight completely off, a feature not found in many other products. A common complaint I read about for other brands of radio was that the display would light up the room! Not a problem with this unit. the remote control is pretty neat too. I like the fact that I can control my ipod remotely. There are 2 separate alarms, which is nice if your significant other has to get up at a different time. The only lacking feature is the ability to store radio stations. This would be nice, but I bought this unit to wake to my ipod so I can't complain. Overall this thing is great.
This is my first plasma TV and I love it.  We bought this to put the icing on the cake after having remodeled our complete house.  The TV sounds great, and looks great.  HDTV is stunning!  I am very pleased with my purchase and would recommend this TV to anyone
This phone installed easily, has good sound, caller ID is visible. hooks securely. That's about all we wanted
Since there is now relatively few choices for a good corded phone (esp. with caller ID), this phone is tops. This phone and all other AT&T phones corded or cordless, exhibit slight feedback when talking loud or when hanging up.  But no other phone out there seems to be nearly as durable.  Given the other choices, this is the one to get
I bought this device to mount on the wall in front of my work desk, and for that purpose it's an admirable phone.
Plus: The contrast- adjustable LCD displays current date and time without you having to set it, the buttons for call list browsing, option setting, etc. are on the back of the receiver so you don't have to take the phone off the hook to use them. The sound quality is great of course, this being a corded phone, and it feels somewhat worthy in your hand. The keypad lights up, although only for a few seconds - dial fast in the dark! The ring tone is nice at its medium setting.
Minus: I find the base a bit bulky, the LCD has no background light, and when the handset is set to "hi" volume, you do hear a bit of a screeching noise when putting the set down on the base (I keep the setting at "lo" though, which is plenty loud). My main gripe is that the phone doesn't have a voicemail indicator, which would be extremely sweet with my phone company (Vonage). Also, the caller id stuff works with batteries ONLY - at least, they could have put a 6v ac adapter plug on the phone.
Still, four stars because the phone does all it says it does
I checked previous reviews before purchasing this notebook case. What I received is what I expected. Lots of compartments to store needed accessories, sturdy construction, pleasant appearance. As with a previous review, my only citicism is the shoulder strap. While it is comfortable when used, it is also fixed and cannot be removed. I've already caught it once on an airline seat arm when boarding a crowded plane. Other than that, it was a good purchase for the price
This monitor is an awesome buy.  I had no problems with my monitor, dead pixel-wise.
The only complaints I have to add are those that others have already voiced.  The stand does not securely fasten to the monitor, it just sort of sits there... a good push and down she may go.  The menu buttons on the right side aren't confusing to use, my other monitors have used a similar setup: Menu activates menu and also activates a menu item, up/down change values, menu backs out and there is a menu item to exit.  If I had put two of these monitors side by side, I can see how accessing the power button of the monitor on the left would be an issue, minor but perhaps irksome.
I have not tested the speakers, but seriously a good set of speakers won't set you back much, that's not what this monitor is for.  I would definitely buy another one in a heartbeat, if I didn't already have three monitors to begin with
If only other computer products were this easy to set up and use - highly recommend this product
Makes plane flights so much more enjoyable and costs hundreds less than other brands.  Only  thing that could make it better is passive noise reduction but then it would be bulkier
Price is excellent.  No problems but I falls below a 5 star due to product lacking higher quality materials. 
They don't collapse, so they aren't the most easily portable as you sure aren't putting them in your pocket.  You also aren't listening to music in bed with them, as mentioned in other reviews, the back is not adjustable and will push the vertical facing speakers out of your ears.
I tend to collect lower end headphones, and why not.  So, I do have a unique perspective on them (or so I say, mostly to flatter myself).
These, compared to other vertical designs, are good.  The sound is better than most.  Not quite as good as the Sony h.EAR line, but those would never stay in my ears and when dangling they are literally tangle hooks.  These p9's are simple, one piece, and very smartly the cord only comes up to one ear.
The volume adjustment makes them nice for Tv and computer use.  Also, if you ever listen while using a splitter, make sure the other person is wearing the cans (or whatever more power consumptiony headphones) so you can cut your volume.  My wife wears cans when watching TV, so when I just MUST watch some witty Sonic commercial, I just plug myself in.
They aren't perfect.  I'd like to also try the Sennheiser vertical over the head cheapos as well as the Sony folding ones.  They did come in very handy when my scroll wheel on my Rio Carbon was broken (only volume control on the thing).  
For reference, my everyday buds are Sony ED21LPs, which I highly reccomend for all purpose use as they wont fall out, and can be stored in a very small area.  Heck, I even use the stupid pouch that comes with them.
But, yeah, knowing the weaknesses of the p9, if you think you'd like it, then you'll love it
I have went through so many Cd-R blanks and finally found some with some good dye and have zero error burning rate.  TDK is amazing. The first one i've burned i've now had for over a year and still no defects on the back of it.  It's amazing
I purchased this microphone for my 6 year old daughter to replace a microphone to her karaoke machine that the dog chewed up.  This mic was inexpensive and works fine so far.  We haven't had it very long so it has not really been put to the test of time
These DVDs never fail...
I've tried other brands and had miserable results.
Stick with Memorex and you won't be sorry
Its great, i bought it for my husband and he loves it.
The Zen micro fit perfect
This is a very good sounding sub for the price.  I compared others at higher prices and liked how this produced a full range to compliment the other speakers.  It fills a 1500 sq ft room with cathedral ceiling very well.  I would buy another
I have three handsets and have programmed different ring sounds for each one,e.g., then one in my home office rings with the Three Stooges singing, "Hello, hello, hello!"
Phone works very well
This mount is perfect!  It sticks well to the windshield,keeps the GPS rock steady. It allows you to swing to Driver, Center and Passenger's views and back without any bending or remounting.
I am very pleased!  My roadmate looks a 100% better on this mount. I hated the mount that came with the GPS.
The build quality of this mount also seems to be very good.
I would highly recomend this mount
In spite of some of the poor reviews for this product, it met all of my expectations 100%. Thanks to the reviews, I understood that the unit doesn't have a builtin antenna or batteries, which was helpful to know in advance. But of course the specifications never claimed those features in the first place.
I was looking for a small TV to fit in the corner of my bathroom, and this unit is perfect for that. As a bonus, I can not only watch the news while I'm getting ready for work in the morning, but I can listen to MP3 rips when I'm in the shower. I've owned the unit for several weeks now, use it every day, and have never had a problem playing any disk, either copy-protected movies or CDs. My only concern so far has been that I didn't receive a warrantee card with the unit.
I especially like the portability. It's so easy to pick up and take anywhere, such as watching a movie in bed, and even outside (if it's not too bright out) for watching sports on the patio. The speakers are adequate, considering their size, and the headphone jack lets me either use headphones or external amplified speakers if I want better quality.
In summary, I have to repeat that my expectations were set before I bought the unit and I am very pleased with what I got for the price
I wish I searched, found, & purchased one earlier. I'm a road warrior with laptop. I work from home at times & have a desktop. This device is awesome to plug in & go. I love it. Better than a clunky port replicator for my laptop & saves precious desk space. I'd highly recommend
At around $35. these UltraEars are a amazing deal. They have great base, mids, and highs. The seperation is good too. If you tweek your mp3's sound you can realy dial them in. Push them nice and tight in to your ear to get the best sound.  
This is an absolutely wonderful product.  The CD Player in my Cadillac was skipping tracks and was a mess.  One use of this cleaner (specially for cars) and my player was good as new
I bought the cooler for my Dell Inspiron which tends to get hot because I work it so hard - it's cut down the time the internal fan kicks in drastically, is very sturdy yet light enough for me.
So I bought another (wide-screen)(black) version for my HP Pavilion which has more RAM and so doesn't have to work that hard, now its internal fan virtually never kicks in.  
In both cases the fan is so quiet that I have to turn it on/off to make sure that it is working.
The only improvement I would suggest is more usb ports.
4 stars because 5 is perfection
My daughter is very happy with the product. She not only got the MP3 player she wanted, she also got her favorite color "PINK". Thought we got a great deal and it has been working wonderfully. Infact, my son is now jealous that his younger sister has a better MP3 player than he has
the samsung I bought shows a great quality pictue. i love it
It's a great tool to have at all times.  Security, provacy, and power in one little handy device.  And the U3 apps are multiplying quickly.  Next I want a full-blown system on a flash drive
This is an amazing little device. I carry every Word and Excel file I have created in the last year on this device. How remarkable is that? Kingston really had a better profile than other thumb drives. I still have my clip cap after several months. I carry it with me daily. 
The really powerful potential for these devices is yet to be realised but I'm thinking about them! Let me know how you are using yours.
In addition to my data files, I downloaded applications giving my flash drive the power to accomplish tasks on its own. Overall, I am happy with my drive and believe as you think of new ways to employ one you will be too. I give this device a big thumb's up
I bought the keyboard for my 5-year-old son.  The keyboard is light weight and therefore easy to carry.  Small and convenient for my son to play anywhere.  I am using batteries and really enjoy the freedom of movement, i.e. not needing to worry about plugging it into a power source. It's an excellent choice for my situation
I purchased the Casio keyboard for my Grand-daughter's 4th birthday.  She really enjoyed playing it.  As a matter of fact she was still interested in it the next day.  It is the perfect size for a small child.  She sits in her recliner and has the keyboard across the arms.  The only thing that wasn't perfect is that you can mute what the child is playing, but not the 10 songs that are prerecorded in it
I enjoy this mouse. Usually, I don't like using the touch pad on laptops but after deciding to buy a mouse, I had to look for a specific mouse that would fit into my lifestyle as a student. I have small hands and I hate carrying out heavy objects in my bookbag. Since I have to lug my laptop around, I needed a mouse that didn't take a lot of space, is good enough to withstand constant shifting in my laptop, and that worked well with my needs.
Pros: Small size, optical, scrolling tab, and portability
Cons: Sometimes the mouse jumps around a bit on its own. BUT this happens only a few times every few weeks - so it's not often enough to cause a problem for me.
Enjoy
I just bought my first laptop computer and really, really hated the touchpad. I found it unresponsive at times and found the whole right clicking and using the pad at the same time a pain.
I spent a while browsing the different mice available on this and other sites and in the end decided upon this little number.
I am very happy that I did too. Its pretty small and very lightweight but at the same time it doesnt feel at all fragile - definately well made. Im about 5'11 and have fairly big hands - I find this mouse comfortable to use. It looks pretty cool too, the red panels on the side light up, which is always good for night work. All the buttons are very responsive and that middle button is a godsend after using the touchpad for the past month. I couldnt ask for better all round performance. And for $20 you really cant go wrong, it really is a great price for a microsoft mouse. The only reason I dont give it five stars?? Well this is technology - although it is a awesome piece of kit, there are always other things or features they could have added
This router has worked great for the past year.  We have 3 Linux computers connected to DSL through it.
One PC is at the far end of the house.  We use two Novatech Powerline Ethernet Adapters to connect that PC to the Netgear router through our home powerline wiring.  Netgear and Novatech work fine together, with no DSL speed degredation.
The browser interface is easy to use.  The firewall features are easy enough for the inexpert user to understand.
The manual is good, but I would prefer to have a hard copy
This PNY 2.0GB card has proven to be plenty as a digital camera card.  We purchased the 2 gig card for my wife's Canon Powershot S-900 "Elph" to replace smaller memory cards.  
Although 1GB cards worked adequately with the "Elph" we noticed, early on, that its 10.0 mega pixels quickly filled up the photo card.  The 2.0GB holds many more photos (over 400 shots and counting) than the 1GB.  At half the price of other brands, the PNY is proving to be very satisfactory (we purchased two 2.0s at once).
We happily recommend the PNY 2.0GB photo card for your photos.  It makes a great gift candidate.  Get yours soon!
What I ordered - on time delivery - good price
These batteries last a long time. Cheaper batteries won't hold a charge after repeated use/charging. I have AA Energizer batteries and after a year they still hold a charge with out any problems.
Don't let the size fool you - I don't know much about audio - yet - but I can tell you the sound recorded from this mic is WAYYYY better than the USB Microphone Headset I was using. Much crisper with out all the fuzziness. And I didn't spend nearly as much as the Online Gurus were recommending. I am sure the $600 mic is great - but this is doing every thing I need.
This lavalier microphone works great and is very easy to figure out.  Well worth while if you're trying to record an individual talking onto a camcorder
Can't say enough good things about this Brother all-in-one, given its price and features.  (I paid $100 more than the new Amazon price elsewhere a week ago.)
I installed as a network device and set up the software on my XP Pro as well as Mac OS 10.4.9 machines ... easy installation, and the interface on each OS is essentially the same.  Super fast prints from either machine, crisp and beautiful, with tonal background fills printing which never showed up on my previous HP laser.
Duplex scan/fax as well as duplex print was the key to my purchase, and I've been really happy.  What I did not anticipate was just how fast the printer is, or how rich the delivered software is compared with prior HP experience.
Noises don't seem unusual to me - no crackling here, just noisy paper handling by ADF and print engine.  No big deal IMHO.
Only a few minor negatives I've seen so far:  (1) it looks like the firmware can only be updated from a Windows computer, so Mac folks are stuck there (mine was delivered with current version of firmware, so maybe this doesn't matter), (2) you cannot feed heavy stock through it, even the manual feed tray - so need to keep a straight feed device around if you need thicker than 24# stock, (3) scanner transfer rate to computer is a bit slow - not sure if it is the network interface or a slow processor in the device, and (4) expansion memory is not a popular size, so is more expensive than current PC memory - not sure if I'll upgrade or not.
Haven't tried envelopes yet, so can't respond to earlier comments from others.
It's kind of entertaining to watch the machine do a duplex copy - as pages in the ADF suck in and out to scan both sides, and pages ejecting come partway out and suck back in to copy the back side
This is an excellent boom box if you want to be able to take your SkyFi out of your car and put it in the house or take it anywhere. It works great
I have had this tv since the weekend before the Superbowl. The Superbowl and any Nascar race looks incredible. Many reviews I read(everyone on here)which had totaled around 109. Whew! I gotta tell ya though, this tv replaced a 51" Sony HDTV. The sound was awesome. When I turned on this new Samsung I was VERY disappointed. My wife almost made me send it back because of it. I made some adjustments which did make it sound a little better but nowhere near the Sony. I went to a big box store and they told me it was because these companies expect that you will hook it up through a surround system and not use the TV sound. {shrug} I do for movies but not for regular tv.
Overall it is a very nice tv especially for the $$
Compared to my logitech mouseman dual optical from 2000, this mouse blows it away by far in accuracy, precision.  What I find to be a drawback is the mouse's light weight and small size.  The size comes in handy if I need to flick, but be sure to keep the wire out of the way - as the mouse is so light if you have the wire in a bad spot, it will push the mouse and affect your aim at crucial moments. The "change sensitivity" button is in a strange spot (at least if u have large hands) located in the center of the mouse where you will need to reach far back and almost touch the pad of your palm of the finger you're reaching with - not an efficient movement, therefore not applicable in games (you can assign a sensitivity script to perhaps one of the side mouse buttons if necessary).  These are only minor itches when compared to the outstanding precision and I would highly recommend it
I did my research before purchasing this wireless card from Amazon to use in conjunction with my Belkin Pre-N wireless router.  According to every net review I'd read, this combination of Belkin Pre-N desktop card and router had the best range and throughput at that range than any other card/router in its class, and as my workstation is out in the middle of a farm an almost impossible distance from the router, 'range' is what I needed above all.
After some configuration and finding the best spot to put the computer itself, I now regularly have connection qualities in the 77-90% range a good 200-300 ft. from my router which is in another building entirely (and both have a lot of metal cladding and what-not I had expected to cause a great deal of interference if not outright unworkability.)
The odd thing about this 'Pre-N' combination from Belkin is that apparently the later Belkin N equipment is grossly inferior, and manages to pull off only about half the range of this model.  
These cards and the Pre-N router are becoming harder to find as they've been superseded by the newer (inferior) models currently in the stores, so if you have to operate wireless at great distances, I doubt you'll beat these Belkin models for at least the immediate future
I mean... 10 usbs, sli, 6 SATAs, support for up to 13 GB of RAM and theorethically more. Too much
i already test a loot of mobo... asus, msi (my last was k8n diamond), and others... but this board looks like no other, and realy works!!! for gamers is the ultimate board... i really recomend it!
I recently bought one of these for our 18-month-old son.  The piano arrived in fine shape.  The piano and bench are sturdy and well made when you put them together properly.  The sound is just like I remember a toy piano should sound.  Notes are not perfectly in tune like a fine instrument, but tuned within reason to the notes of the scale, including sharps and flats.   Most importantly, our little boy just loves playing this piano.  Hopefully it will inspire him to continue and so it is as great an introdroduction to music as any other toy, including the electronic toys, we have purchased for him.  I also liked that he wasn't able to pull off the keys try as he may.  They just kind of become locked when he trys to do that and can be put back in place by minor adjstment. 
When we initially pulled this out the box, I was excited becaue it was crafted so well!  Real wood and excellent craftsmanship - HOWEVER - the sound absolutely sucks!  It sounds like Elmo's toy piano, or even worse.  I thought it was just the fact that the piano was sitting flat on the floor (I hadn't installed the legs yet), and the sound was just off.  By the time I got everything assembled, the disappointment settled in even deeper. This piano was not worth the price I paid for it - by any stretch of the imagination.  I realize this is a TOY and not an instrument; but again, for the money, you'd expect a better sounding product.  An added note: my daughter LOVES banging on it
Two-port print servers are the best and this product is great!  The D-Link DP-300U was very easy to set up.  Every house should have a two port print server: one printer for an ink jet printer, one for a laser printer.  Thank you D-Link for not killing this product.  I hope you never do
In my opinion, Sony's strength lies in its TVs.  This line of LCD sets are expensive, but you'll definitely get what you pay for.  The picture quality is incredible!  The beauty of this set is also material - it is a work of art.  While the internal speakers are decent, I would have been just as happy not to have them.  But thanks to the beautiful design of the bezel, you don't even know the speakers are there.
Some reviewers have mentioned "LCD clouding", and for a product of this price it would serve you well to do the appropriate Google search.  But Sony stands by its products, and if you receive a set that is not up to standards, they will rectify the situation.  Also, many reviewers are mentioning a lower-quality picture.  It is important to understand what kind of signal you are feeding the TV, and what signal will give you the optimal image.  Not all HD signals are the same, and will provide you with varying degrees of quality.  Be prepared to upgrade other equipment to explore the maximum potential of this device.  But, I have yet to see a signal that wasn't enhanced by being viewed on this set over my previous Panasonic tube set.
The interchangable bezels is a nice idea, but only for those with deep(er) pockets.  The silver set alone is beautiful, and if I had only one complaint, it would be that it's harder to get matching Sony peripherals in silver than you might think.  All in all, it's the best LCD you can buy
As the PS2 does not have HDMI outputs for High-Definition TV's, the Monster Cable GameLink 400 component cable is the next best thing and worth a few bucks more. You'd have to be retarded to not notice the difference between these component cables and standard (red, white, yellow) AV cables picture clarity. They are in two different worlds and Monster fully delivers. However, your TV must have component (red, blue, green) inputs for this cable to be useful.
Ensure that you have a fiber optic digital cable for your sound to go from your PS2 to your compatible tv/receiver. These cables are for picture only and do not have a sound cable. Therefore, you'll have to forget using the single plug-in the PS2 offers for both audio and video. However, your sound will be uncompressed, fully digital audio. This is definitely a plus, rather than a negative. Any mid-priced television or receiver built in the last six years will have a digital audio input
This really works & is very sturdy.  The problem is the bolts they give is too heavy for light home projectors.  Just get 14inch screws from Lowes & you will be OK.
The manual is not good
I have been happy with these phones.  I find no problem with the sound - no static at all.  The only small thing I have noticed is that occasionally the sound echoes a little.  I do not understand the terrible reviews - this phone is very usable
I don't understand the 1 star reviews, unless there is some product variability.  Price was $60 at Target.  Talk time is OK, although the longest I have been on the phone is maybe 10 or 15 minutes.  Range is fine.  Phone works all over the house, and audio quality if fine
Buy it and you will not live home without it.  If I would rate this product, I will rated a 6 stars.
These buds are definitely a step up from the standard iPod buds.  They stay in your ears much more easily (without the foam black covers, which are easily lost), the sound is at least marginally better, and the overall construction seems to be better.  You can't do much better for the money.
However, if you're willing to spend a little more, the JLab JBuds are the way to go.  I own both the Gumys and the JBuds, and the Gumys are my workout pair, and I use the JBuds for everything else.
But if you're looking to spend as little as possible yet still upgrade from the iPod buds, the Gumys are the way to go
Great product.  Totally eliminates the need to constantly change frequencies in urban areas
Great GPS unit that does what is supposed to do and flawlessly at that. Clear easy to read display and instructions. Menus and interface are self-intuitive to the degree that you just turn it on and start using it. No downloads, activations or learning required. 
Satellite acquisition takes just a few seconds and recalculation when you miss a turn or instruction is equally fast. Accuracy is impressive with spot-on instructions and updated maps. Even small streets in rural areas are recognized and labeled. 
After looking at the Garmin and Magellan units I thought this was the best unit for the price. It has the largest screen and the most features for this price range. A previous reviewer complained about the misrepresentation of Bluetooth capabilities to which I completely disagree. The fact the Bluetooth features are available at this price range is already impressive. Also unless you buy a much pricier unit none of them come with a dashboard stand. All manufacturers seem to sell them as options (Garmin included).
This is another terrific assortment of Sharpie permanent pens, for a very good price. Try them. I'm never without Sharpies, and this deal is good
This markers from Sharpie are excellent! Cool colors! Great on any type of paper. Recommend it 110%
This is the first DVD recorder I purchased. I used the quick set up guide and I was off to the races. The quality of my recordings are crisp and clear. The nero software is user friendly and makes recording dvds easy. I'm totally satisfied with my purchase plus I'm recieving a [...]rebate to top it off
We bought this external drive after learning that our friends lost all but a couple months worth of photos and/or videos from their first year with adorable triplet daughters. It resulted from the dreaded and inevitable hard-drive crash that everyone fears, but nobody thinks will happen to them. Attempts by two data recovery firms were unsuccessful and now they're left with whatever printed photos they and their family and friends could find.
Expecting our first child in less than three weeks, we don't want to find ourselves in the same predicament, especially with years of other irreplaceable photos, financial data and other documents on our laptop. Now we're doing weekly, monthly and annual backups and storing some of those offsite to protect against something even worse than a simple crash of a hard drive. Even if we don't completely stick with this new regimen, it's better than what we used to do -- which, though thankfully uneventful, was absolutely nothing.
If that's not enough to make you want to buy this, then the Sony name, quality, reliability and ease of use should be. The drive is small, stylish, easily installed and takes up little space in the vertical position. Although it's a little loud when the drive is working, it reads and writes CD-R media up to 48x, Ultra Speed Plus CD-RW up to 32x, DVD+/-R up to 16x, and High Speed DVD+RW up to 8x. After a lengthy initial full backup using the included Nero BackItUp software (about 8 GB onto 10 old CD-R discs in 2.5-3.0 hours), smaller differential monthly backups and incremental weekly backups to 8x DVD+RW discs take between 10 and 20 minutes each when compressing, copying and verifying everything. Backup copies of our 4 GB wedding DVD onto 8x DVD-R discs took about 15-20 minutes.
The Nero software seems very extensive, but I haven't used much of it so far. The interface is pretty intuitive and it's easy to find what you want to do, but some of the more detailed or technical options might be overwhelming for someone who's new to this kind of software or doesn't want to spend a lot of time reading the PDF manual. The only real complaint I have is with the BackItUp program's job scheduler, which only gives you daily, weekly and yearly frequency options (you need to set up monthly backups as weekly jobs and either disable or skip them for several weeks in between months), it takes forever to re-scan files when building a new job on an existing one (setting up subsequent daily, weekly or monthly jobs based on the initial full annual backup), and the data you can change for an existing job is limited (can't rename it or alter the content without creating a whole new job).
Overall, great external DVD/CD drive for watching video, listening to music and backing up data. Good software that's intuitive and functional with some room for improvement, but there's no real need for additional software you don't already have. Excellent value -- bought it at Amazon for under $160 with taxes and free shipping, and got a $30 mail-in rebate from Sony. Also bought pack of 25 Ritek 8x DVD+RW discs from TheTechGeek.com for $33 delivered and they threw in a free 10-pack of Velocity 8x DVD-R discs. So, for well under $200 and a little effort, you too can view, hear, copy and/or backup your valuable photos, videos, tunes and other data in no time
The printer is fast and printing is always properly aligned on the paper. Quality of printed text is as good as any decent desktop printer and that is why I bought it in the first place. I am yet to try printing photos. Because this is a mobile printer the manufacturer needs to ensure that the unit will stand up to the hits and accidents caused by regular transporting. It might mean providing a second skin or a padded bag with the uni
I bought this enclosure about 1 year ago.  I put a 200GB hard drive in it and use it as my dedicated iTunes library. It was a super easy setup.  Many complain in the other reviews that it's a tight fit inside, but I didn't find it difficult at all to get the hard drive in.  After connecting the hard drive and closing it  up, I simply connected it via FireWire to my Mac G4 and it worked like a charm! Next month I will have it for 1 year and I would be 100% happy with it if not for one thing... the loud fan noise after about 10 minutes of it being turned on! ARGHH!!  All of a sudden it just starts sounding off with this annoying buzzing sound that gets slightly louder with time.  Every-so-often, the buzzing goes away for about 1 to 2 minutes, but it ALWAYS returns with a vengence!  Otherwise, the enclosure has held up and worked nicely for almost 1 year.  I'm definitly going to get rid of it though once I find an enclosure that is equally aesthetically pleasing and as reliable, but not NEARLY as noisy!!!  It's a shame actually, since I'm in the market to get 2 more enclosures to house my Aperture library and data backup, respectively
I just purchased this item two days ago (Thurs.) Today (Sat.) I removed my 160GB Seagate HHD from my Kingwin enclosure and installed it in this one. Installation was not a problem although the molex connector seems to be a tight fit and is almost touching the fan. Fan noise does not seem to be a problem yet. I used the Firewire connection instead of USB and the drive access is much faster than it was with the USB connection on the other enclosure. The price is a little steep compared to others but I got a generous rebate offer with my purchase. Although the case is plastic (my other one was aluminum and plastic) I won't be moving mine around so that won't be an issue
This cable really cleaned up the display image. I had been running another Monster Cable - the 6 meter version. I needed the length before because of the way my system was configured. I have a review under that cable about how quality does matter.
And so does length. At the time I wrote the review I was just ordering the cable and was posting what I had found out in researching digital video signals. Everything in there stands true.
I changed my setup and decided to invest in a shorter version of the cable - the 1 meter version - because I could now get away with a much shorter cable. I installed it this morning and the difference, while not earth shattering, was definitely visible.
I use this cable to connect between the video card on a media PC and my TV (Sony rear-projection LCD). The image used to swim a little along the edges of some windows, text, etc., and the image wasn't as clear as I had hoped. While the image looked good, it didn't look great. That's why I decided to take the plunge and spend an extra $79 bucks.
The difference is somethine like going from a regular RF feed to your TV and component video cables. Now the image is crisp and clear and there is no swimming. It actually brings out detail I couldn't even see before - to the point of deciding to turn on FSAA and filtering so video games have a more realistic look. And that they do.
I don't know how other brands compare to the Monster Cables as I haven't tried them. What I do know is that signal integrity is very important to a good looking display. You can get that with high quality cables and by keeping the length to the absolute minimum required as there was a very perceptible difference just between the 1 meter and 6 meter versions of the exact same thing.
One more thing while I'm here. I want to thank Amazon for going the extra mile on customer service. I had a DVD disappear somehow during shipping. UPS said they delivered it but I never received it. I asked Amazon if they filed the report with UPS or I did to file a claim. What I got was a reply telling me a replacement was already on its way. That is service. Thanks Amazon
Love the wireless connection to my HP all-in-one scanner printer. Works great
I almost didn't purchase this CD player because of all the bad reviews it had been getting, but I decided to go for it! I am glad I did, I am very happy with this Sony Walkman! I use it for walking, listening to meditating CDs, audio books, everything and have not had one single problem with it. I am so glad I did not let the few negative reviews sway my decision! As mentioned in another review, I love that if you have to stop playing whatever your listening to it will pick up on the same track when you press play again, it also fits in my back pocket so I can walk around the house listening to anything while doing chores, the earpieces fit well, there is absolutley nothing wrong with this walkman! Those of you who seemed to have this walkman break in 2-3 weeks must not take care of your things. I love it, the price was great, so don't let the negative reviews stop you on this purchase!
The product works fine. It seems kind of strange that I had to purchase a package of 10 in order to get just the 2 that I needed. The Linksys unit is just attached to the bracket by pressure so I ran a long zip tie through the bracket and around the Linksys units to make sure they didn't pop off
Great sound. love the volume control on the wire. great fit to almost any head size or shape. Overall a great purchase and I love their product
Besides the fact that iPod is a skinny little waste of time, let's also mock the fact that it plays about two formats: whatever Mac plays, and MP3.  Woohoo.   What a selection.
Then, we have the iAudio.  It has perhaps a half inch thickness, at most, over the iPod for the standard battery model (20gb and 30gb anyway; 60gb is as thick as an XL), though it includes so much more bang for your buck, even if some of that bang is kind of useless.  But come on; an FM radio isn't iPod standard?  Almost every other portable HD player has that by now.  
About the only thing iPod has over iAudio is movie quality, which is, admittedly, better.  But I'm fairly basic; I'm buying it for my music, not to watch a bloody movie on a tiny screen.  If I want to do that, I'll buy a portable DVD player. For pictures, unless they're ridiculously high quality, this suits just fine.  But it's not the pictures you should be interested in when buying one of these sweet players; it's the sound quality.
Which.  Is.  Marvelous.   It consistantly beats iPod, it has BBE equalizer, and it not plays MP3 and AAC, but WMA, WAV, OOC, and FLAC.   *FLAC.*   And if you download Rockbox (which is something you'll have to research on your own, kids), you can create themes, boost your battery life, and augment your listening pleasure even further.
The only drawbacks are the battery life if you don't use playlists, skip around a lot, or play high bitrate files (all of which are fixed rather well by Rockbox), and the subpack.   What is a subpack?   It's a fairly good idea done badly.  It's a piece of [...] plastic you can easily lose that clicks into the bottom jack of your player.  In it are the power jack, line-out (which has a bad bass roll-off problem, unfortunately) and line-in jack, and USB port.   The general idea was to make the player smaller by moving all of these jacks onto something else, but it wasn't executed too well.  Buying a charger from [...].com solves the power jack and USB port problems nicely, and is recommended most highly.
(And did I mention recording with the built-in mic is amazing?  You can get good quality concerts with this puppy.)
Plus, it's black.  iPod comes standard white.  And the X5 is just better
I saw this at the store and hoping to get it in 3 months my other reciever caught on fire and was a 19 year old YAMAHA RX-900
This product worked very well, and was easy to hook up. For my use I had 3 video game systems using component video & optical audio, and the switching was very quick. I replaced separate manual switchers for toslink & component, and am happy with this product
This was the perfect TV for our needs:  It fits the space, is economical, has great picture size and quality, and lots of features.  It is a good blend of current digital and CRT technology.  Not an LCD and bulky as they come, but once in place it delivers a quality viewing experience.
It pairs quickly with laptops & bluetooth phones. Holds the gps module firmly and matches the look perfectly.
The only gripe I have is it doesn't have an anti-slip surface so that I can throw it on the dashboard and not worry about it falling off.
The battery lasts forever. I remember using it for 6 continous hors before switching off...mind you switching off because I had arrived at my destination
I love this product.  Unfortunately, I blew mine up in West Africa (my computer was not damaged), so when I returned I ordered another right away.  I wish that it were a little thinner, but I suppose you can't have everything....at least right now
I couldn't believe how great this CD case is! I had a ton of loose CD's all over the place because I didn't have any cases. With this I could hold them all with a ton of room to spare!
Bought these to use while doing my daily walks & mowing.  They work 100% better than the little "lipstick" antenna you get with the MyFi plus you don't have to use the earphones.  The only time I lose signal is if I'm really boxed in an area that doesn't face south.  It actually works in some areas inside my house.  The sound quality is good enough for a casual audiophile like me.  Besides, there ain't much in the way of other options.  This is my second pair because my first pair had the left channel crap out because of a broken wire after a year.  So I use them as an extra antenna in the kitchen when I want to use the FM tuner on the radio
Things that I like: 
(1) The option to tile the front of the keyboard up makes typing much more comfortable.  I was a skeptic about it before I purchased it, but really do like it.  Also, this is the first keyboard that I have used that allows for so many typing angles.  
(2) The included software gives a great deal of control over customizing all of the extra keys on the keyboard.  Even if you don't have Windows Vista, you can program the gadgets key to suit your needs.  
(3) The keyboard has no lag for me, whatsoever.  
(4) I'm a big fan of the standard 3x2 key setup for the home keys, etc.  
(5) This is a small change, but I'm using this setup on Dell Inspiron 6000 laptop.  The software replaced the large volume notifications (onscreen display showing volume level, mute, etc.) with a smaller more attractive style notification.  Me gusta.  
(6) The curved keyboard is also comfortable.  It requires no time nor effort getting used to it.  
(7) I haven't had any problems with the keyboard being "out of range."  
(8) For the mouse, I'm switching from the Wireless Intellimouse Explorer 3.0, which is also made by Microsoft, to the Laser 6000 mouse included.  This new mouse is more comfortable. (not a huge difference, but noticeable.)  It is also lighter, and slides around with little effort.
What I don't like:
(1) The lock key above the number pad is set by default to display the same two options as when you click 'Start' then 'Log off Windows.'  I would have liked the option to change the key to the Shut Down / Hibernate dialog instead.  I haven't found that option available, so far.
(2) The keyboard is a little bit wider than others, but I don't find it to be a problem.  It's just different.  Having the additional programmable buttons outweighs the downside of having the extra width.
Five Stars
I needed a replacement Receiver for a fairly modest home theater system. I wanted a bare bones 5.1 system (no 6.1, 7.1, 1kw audio power, satellite radio capable, etc.)  I only use the Receiver as an audio switch and let the TV handle video source selection.  Reviewers of the Sherwood RD-6500 liked the audio but thought the set-up a little confusing.  Being a retired electrical engineer that did not concern me.  The price was certainly right, about the cheapest thing around (at [...]).  I bought the unit and have been completely satisfied.  I would have given it five stars but heck, nobody's perfect.  I had no problem with the setup procedure and liked the audio quality (full disclosure:  my ears are 79 years old).  The unit has one optical digital, one coax digital and several A/V inputs.  The remote lets you pick Video 1-3, CD, Tuner and Aux inputs.  You tell the system which audio source to use for each of these, one time and it remembers.  I liked the way the front panel display tells you whether a full surround signal is present.  I was surprised to find how many premium HD movie channels do not always broadcast in full surround and not always in HD either.  I also liked the fact that one button on the remote cycles a test tone to all six speakers so you can quickly balance them.  On the negative side I, like other reviewers, bemoaned the lack of a switched power outlet since a powered sub-woofer is required
I have used These Seagate Drives for almost 2 years now. They work nicely for editing movies, and I like the combo Firewire and USB2.0 interface. I trust these cheaper Seagate than the expensive LACIE (we bought a box full of lacie D2, they ALL fail in 6 months) or store brand drives. Hard drives are prone to failure. But Seagate has served my company well.
using : Seagate 750GB, 500GB, 400GB. daisy chained....
Works great, looks great, no problems.  22" monitor for this price?  More than I expected!
I've held off reviewing this item until I actually got some alerts - and I got plenty of them over the weekend, so here it is....
There seem to be a lot of complaints of this being hard to set-up - so many, that after having no problems setting it up myself, I'd worried I'd done something wrong.  Over the weekend, a number of thunderstorms & tornados rolled thorough my area - using the S.A.M.E alert system for my county - I received a notification for each warning.  
I purchased this radio specifically for the S.A.M.E alert system, living in central Mississippi, we get tornado warnings all spring - I didn't want a 2am alarm for a tornado 3 counties north of me.  
My one beef with the unit is the radio reception - even the included external antenna, it's spotty - ESPECIALLY the weather radio reception.  I'm not sure how far I am from the nearest weather radio transmitter, but living in the suburbs of Madison, I can't be too far.  If you're in a rural area, I'd definitely look into getting an external antenna (it has a port for a better external antenna than the telescoping antenna included)
Great product! Very pleased with my decision to get this over the 100 so I could replace my alarm clock. Set it up just for the counties near me and turned off all the alerts I was not interested in
I purchased a SanDisc 4 GB SDHC card for my camera. At the time it did not occur to me that neither my SanDisc Image Mate 6 in 1 nor my SIIG 18-in-1 Reader/Writer would not be able to read this new version of Secure Digital. Long story short-I called IOGear tech support and was assured that this reader would work although netiher their promotional materails nor their packaging indicates that it will. Bottom Line: It works and it was a very inexpensive ($10 at CompUSA) solution to my problem.
I got this yoke to use with Microsoft Flight Simulator.  Other people have said that the build quality is poor on this yoke, but what did you expect?  It's just a computer game controller, it's not meant to feel like an actual pilot's yoke.  If it were, it would probably be much, much more expensive!
Yes, the plastic build makes it feel like just another joystick, but I've had it for almost a year and haven't had any problems with it.  Also, I rarely need to reconfigure it, so there's not an issue of "wandering" from the centre point.
All in all, this yoke is fairly good and works well with Flight Simulator.  It certainly makes you feel a little bit more like you're a real pilot, but don't expect to feel any G-forces or anything else like that
This univeral DVD player comes packed very neatly in an Oppo cloth case and is very sleek.  The finish of the DVD player is excellent, however the remote is not up to snuff in this department.  This player can play PAL DVDs, it upconverts it to NTSC & 1080i.  It's loaded with features that you probably won't see on most DVD players out there.  The upconversion works well though I'm not sure the color handling is the best.  The audio controls in the setup are awesome.  People have complained about the disc tray being flimsy/cheap, but I think it's just fine.  It's very quick to load and play.  You may want to keep the remote safely because if you lose or damage it you won't be able to control most of the features.  The HDMI cable that is included with the player is of good quality.  Probably worth around fifty bucks in the market.  Price to performance/features you can't beat this universal DVD player.  Buy one and you'll know
Can't say enough of this machine.  I view all DVD's in HiDef now and that is a BEAUTIFUL thin
I've had this for about a week, and it seems to be working very well. The "autoscan" feature is very nice since I seemed to forget to switch between "city" and "highway" with my older units.
The voice prompts are very clear, and the automute keeps the annoying beeps to a comfortable level.
I've had several radar detectors over the years, and this one certainly seems to be the best so far. It is also rated very highly in the amgazine articles I found
I have used these batteries in a variety of applications and find they perform very well. Can tell no difference in their performance vs the name brands
This is a direct comparision between the Linksys WUSBF54G and TrendNet 509UB.
Both perform as expected when used as a standalone hot spot detector.
Both perform as expected on Windows XP. Installation was quirky for both. After driver installation, inserting into USB slot it wasn't recognized at all. Fiddled around for awhile and it finally detected the device. Had to disable the notebook's builtin wireless before XP recognized the device.
Client software does not detect a device under Windows Vista Ultimate RC2. I assume this will be true for Windows Vista RTM too. Inserting the device into a Windows Vista RC2 system often completely froze Windows Vista (had to hold down power button for complete reboot). Had to disable the notebook's builtin wireless before Vista recognized the device.
Appears that the TrendNet and Linksys devices are so similar that they must be made by the same OEM or reference design. As expected, evaluation results are similar.
1. Both devices seem to have same sensitivity, similar to notebook's internal wireless card.
2. TrendNet device doesn't have Windows XP signed drivers so an extra click during install is requried. Also installing on new USB ports requires extra clicks.
3. TrendNet device supports 801.11a whereas Linksys does not.
4. TrendNet device sometimes crashes Vista Ultimate RC2.
5. Neither device's software client works under Vista Ultimate RC2. This isn't a deal breaker for me as they both work under Vista Ultimate RC2 networking as a USB wireless key. You just lose the client software feature.
6. The Linksys has a somewhat useful backlit LCD, TrendNet does not.
7. Both devices work as standalone hotspot locators equal well.
8. In hotspot mode, both devices show SSID, channel number, encryption mode, etc.
Conclusion: For XP, I recommend the TrendNet so save the extra dollars. For Vista, I recommend the Linksys device as it never crashed Vista Ultimate RC2 whereas TrendNet device was gave occasional freezes
I am so grateful to all the reviewers of this product for convincing me to give it a try.  I have a six-year old Hitachi DVD player, and I lost the remote.  I couldn't play anything without it, because the buttons on the player don't allow me to select any tracks.  The instructions on this remote are incredibly easy.  It found my TV automatically, because it's set for a Sony TV by default.  When I had to locate a code for my DVD player, I got worried-- none of the 3 Hitachi DVD codes listed in the manual worked during the setup process.  But there's a search function to use in that situation, which allows you to scroll through all the codes in the chip's library till one works.  It found one within seconds, and I was up and running.  I think I'm going to buy this as a holiday gift for my siblings so they can get rid of all the remotes scattered around their living rooms
This is simply the best remote you will ever need for all your infarad remotes!  I have a Chinese satallite receiver that I could never get it to work with all other "universal" remotes.  I was able to teach this remote to work with it!  This is a small computer
I almost bought a new phone because it was not working. The ability to purchase this battery saved me some bucks
This is a great TV.  Bought after looking around for months.  Receive HDTV signals, about a dozen without cable box.  The number will continue to rise, but all of the main shows and programs are in HD.  Especially for sports fans almost every broadcast is in HD.  True you will only get about 720P resolution from the broadcast over the air currently, but when the Blue-ray HD movies are out in larger number and at a more reasonable price, this will become the standard.  And this TV has 2 HDMI ports so you are ready to go.  I have had another CRT sharp which I have liked, and this product is no different.  Picture is amazing.  Some analog channels dont look that great, but I am at the point where where I would rather watch whatever is on an HD channel.  
Note:  I am in what is considered an upgraded cable section.  The TV has the tuner to receive HD without the box as I have said, but I can't speak to sections that are not "upgraded", so you may want to look into that.  Nice to receive without paying for extra equipment. 
If you're considering the ViaMichelin (under $200 GPS), you're probably trying to decide if a GPS that is more than $100 cheaper (much more than $100 in some cases) than its competitors is really any good. Honestly, I would have been skeptical too, however, a relative bought one of these units, and that gave me a chance to get their feedback before I decided to purchase one myself.
My brief summary is that Yes, this unit is a good GPS and a great value. After using mine on a trip, I'd have a hard time justifying the more expensive models when this one works fine.
Background: my GPS experience is limited to a 7-year old Garmin III Plus. I had to plan detailed trips on my PC using Mapsource, then upload the waypoints and routes to the GPS. It could be a time consuming process, and because the unit wasn't necessarily user friendly, my wife never learned how to use it.
Enter the ViaMichelin. We just went on a weekend trip and had a chance to test the unit. Set-up time for the trip was about a minute - all I had to do was program in the street address of our destination.
Now for the rundown.
First - what it doesn't do well.
a) Using it for the past two weeks (as a test only) around my home town, I was a little disappointed.  It never sent me the wrong way, but it didn't always take the best route.  Some of the routing issues were because of very new road construction in the area; and in some cases old "logging" roads are still in the database where new subdivisions have been built; and it may not calculate what my experience dictates to be the better route. Although this was disconcerting at first, I don't think it is a big deal as you'll see later.
b) Macro-directions - i.e. for a several hundred mile trip. It will get you there, and if you're taking a route that involves some smaller roads between towns, this would be a good device if you aren't familiar with the route. But my route this weekend was very simple. Get to the interstate and drive. It didn't pick my preferred route to the interstate, and it wanted to route me through a city before putting me on the interstate when you can take a four-lane road for 4 miles to another connection to the interstate. (Although it did recover and finally suggest my route as I stubbornly drove "my way.") So, for a major trip, I'd recommend an internet mapping package for the primary route.  Use this device if you have a lot of mind-numbing turn-by-turn.
Now, what it does well:
a) voice prompts are great. It doesn't matter that it doesn't say the street names. Turn right in 300 feet is good enough - especially with the map that you can glance at.
b) It did great around my destination towns of Charlotte, NC; Gastonia, NC, and Rock Hill, SC.  Did it take the best route as I drove from soccer fields, to hotels, to restaurants?  I don't know since I wasn't familiar with the areas, but the routes seems to be just fine, they got me exactly where I needed to go, and I never had to look at a road map.  And after all, this was the main reason I needed a newer GPS. It passed this with flying colors.
c) My wife did some of the set-up while in the car. She'll be using this one on her on very soon.
d) We wanted to find a particular restaurant, but didn't have the street address. The restaurant was in the Points of Interest database, and it took us right to it. Also, finding rest stops or nearby dining while traveling on the interstate was great.
I also found a feature that was not listed in the 89-page manual.  From the navigation map, if you touch the screen, it has a "bypass route" option. It will give you some distant options (1 mi, 5 mi, etc.) then it will find a bypass route for you. So, if you are approaching road construction or a traffic jam, this will route you off the interstate, take you up the road and bring you back on.  Obviously you could just turn off the interstate and start driving, but then it's going to try to turn you around and/or try to get you back on sooner than you prefer.  The bypass route lets you see where it is taking you by zooming out.
In the future, I would like to do a side-by-side comparison w/ a more expensive (borrowed) GPS. Also, after more experience, I'd like to update this review.
Bottom line: I am glad I bought this unit. I cannot imagine spending $100-$500 more on a more expensive model. Though the higher priced models may have better features, the value for the extra money just isn't there for me
One of the few of these type of items available on the market. I bought it with great trepidation after reading all the reviews. I had received some free drives from Newegg (Seagate) and needed to house them. This was a no brainer set up. The utility found it immediately without me having to mess around with turning virus protection or firewalls off. (XP pro SP2). The firmware was one rev prior so I updated it - absolutely smooth as silk. Reformatted the drives. I chose the RAID 1 option and ext3 format. I like the fact that you can specify RAID size and the leftover is formatted as striped volume. The drive is fairly solid. The fan is not very noisy. The front slide up access door is a little kludgy. Good user interface. I was also surprised with the speed of transfer especially having chosen RAID and ext3. The only thing I can never get to work and it is 100% MY lack of knowledge is the email alerts. I couldn't get Infrant to do it and same with this one.
As an aside I love Amazon and NewEgg. Great retailers both of them
Had mine for over half a year now, and after outstanding abuse it performs as well as the day I bought it.  I fill it and empty it every month, rarely ever defragging it, back up my PC files and play movies right off it on my laptop.  Throw it in my backpack, plug and unplug it all day(hotswaping), still with rarely a sign of slowdown, and it barely gets from cool to warm ever(even when its running from inside my backpack).
For some reason requires two usb ports on my new PC (high speed USB2.0 ports) when it shouldn't.  It runs on one port at school just fine and I have switched the y cable with a regular usb cable with 50% success.
I'd buy another one of these in a heartbeat if I ever thought the one I have would run itself out.  The fact that it doesn't need an external AC adapter to run on my USB1.1 laptop ports(though it does have a hole for a non-included AC adapter)is a blessing.  I've even used its double usb cord to run my power hog of an external cd-rom drive(my cd-rom AC doesnt work on both sadly).  Might be luck of the draw, HD related items seem to be sometimes, and I've yet to have to try out their customer service.  But overall worth every cent spent(especially since I was looking at a 4GB external for $40 before I saw this). Nearly $1 a gig is a great deal.
This notebook case is a perfect fit for the MacBook, and it is compact enough to fit into larger bags.  It is exactly what I was looking for
This was a perfect fit for my 13" Macbook. Tried a couple cheaper ones, but was never satisfied, usually they were just a bad fit. This is by far the best, holds the computer in place and is light weight. It's true you get what you pay for. One complaint, the extra pocket in front could be larger
I originally bought this CD case for my car, because I listen to CDs the most while driving.  This was not a good case to bring back and forth at all.  It is very large and heavy (even without CDs!), and the long zipper-tail makes it hard to open with one hand.  I now use it to house computer software and playstation/gamecube games.  For what you pay, it is an excellent buy
seems pretty good.  doesnt come with any directions on how to transfer files from your "C" drive into it
This is a great value for money and it is very silent and soen not get hot.  It is also silent and convenient.  It is more flexible with the FAT 32 format it comes in but I preferred the NTFS file format whice is safer and more stable.  It was no problem to reformat to NTFS
This was exactly what I needed & it is very easy to use.  It does a great job of encrypting your data, if that is what you want.  There is plenty of space and it is snap to use with my Mac Powerbook.  I recommend it
This product is fantastic. Great sound with a small footprint. I purchased a JBL On Stage at first and it malfunctioned after only a few days. The CTA product has been great and it cost a lot less than the JBL product
I got the Griffin iTrip to enjoy my iPod in my car, and then I HAD to get a Belkin TuneBase for iPod mini! With the short battery life that is further aggravated when using the iTrip, the TuneBase keeps my iPod charged so that I don't have to plug it into my computer's USB port every night after work
I'm very pleased with my Iriver.  I have tons of room to store all my favorite songs and even sermons!  I do a lot of driving and I listen to it all the time
This is my second iRiver product. The first one was fine but it couldn't survive a trip through the washing machine. This one works well, is easy to navigate through, good sound. The case is rather cheap. The other one was rigid plastic. This case is hard to use and makes it difficult to change the batteries. The software leaves something to be desired so I use Windows Explorer to add songs and rearrange the order. All in all, this is a great little mp3 player
I use this on my MacBook. Works flawlessly to hookup a TV via svideo. OSX handles this supremely well by remembering any video settings that I use when i have it hooked up. Plug it in and video switches to tv settings, unplug it and its back to normal. I use this with dual view mode so that my desktop stays the same always on the macbook, and i just get extra desktop space when I plug the tv in.
The quality is quite suprising for s-video, very good.
100% must have for anyone that has a nice tv :
It works fine, but it gets really annoying when you're using it with a widescreen Mac and a widescreen TV. The zoom function most plasmas and LCD TVs have is 16:9 aspect ratio, whereas Macs are at 16:10 aspect ratio, so you can either cut off the top and bottom of what you're trying to display, or have massive letter-boxing. After three months, I still haven't had any glitches that were this adapter's fault.
If you have HDMI or DVI on your TV or projector, don't bother with this. Go straight to DVI with a Mini-dvi to DVI adapter, then get a DVI to DVI cord or a DVI to HDMI cord
Ya tengo una semana con el y lo recomiendo ampliamente La imagen y la nitidez de este monitor son sobresalientes Con una resolucion de 1680 x 1050 las fotos tomadas con mi camara digital se ven como una imagen real Tiene varios ajustes segun el uso que le quieras dar Viene en espa�ol
I bought this part and the addition that makes it a double shelf. I have my TV on it and it's great
Yes, it plays videos (DivX + Windows Media tested so far).
Yes, it plays and sorts your photos.
Yes, it plays MP3s and sorts them by their ID3 tags (artist/genre/album/etc.).
Yes, it comes with a good TV audio/video out cable (letting you use the Zen like a high-def digital video player).
Yes, you can download your CompactFlash card directly onto the Zen hard drive.
Yes, it syncs with your Outlook tasks and calendar.  Wha?  Yeah.  It's hidden in there too.  Along with an MP3 alarm clock.
If you're going on vacation with a digital camera anytime soon, this is the multi-tool for you.  Leave the laptop at home.  The Zen has plenty of battery life and plenty of room for music, movies and photos to keep you moving for days when you're unwired from the office
...I have been using this drive for a few months now and have no complaints.  One of my laptops only has a USB 1.x port and it is incredibly slower for backups.  That has no reflection on this product, but be ready for things to work slowly unless you have USB 2.x and don't blame it on this drive.  :
This product is perfect for anyone who has a thumb drive but no lanyard or other item already attached to it.  I could not find anything like this at any of the big stores i.e. Circuit City, HH Gregg, etc.  I hopped online and found this right away...thanks
I love the Sling Media Slingbox Tuner!  The install was very easy just as they had said on the reviews.  The quality of picture is just as good as on my Cable TV.  I have a great processor with the highest internet speed I could get though my cable so that may contribute to the good quality picture and color I get with it and may also be the reason I have had no problems with doing computer work and watching the screen at the same time. Plue my shipment from Amazon was in 2 days!  You rock Amazon!
I am very pleased with the Brother P-Tough QL-500.  The printing lables are a good price for the quantity you get. 
I BOUGHT THIS LIKE A IPOD BUT ITS BETTER I HAVE ABOUT 20 MOVIES ON IT AND ABOUT 500 SONGS AND SOME PHOTO'S AND STILL HAVE 50 GIGS LEFT. THE ONLY HANG UP IS YOU STILL HAVE TO GO PAY ANOTHER 20.00 TO GET THE PLUG-IN DOWNLOAD THAT LETS YOU SHOW MOST OF THE MOVIES. THEY SAY IT CAN DO ALL THIS STUFF BUT NOT WITH OUT DOWNLOADS AND SOME ADD ON'S ONCE YOU GET ALL THAT THERE ARE HOURS OF FUN TO BE HAD.
Excellent product - very ergonomic, easy to set up and use! Wireless works great.
I would recommend this product
I like to a lot this product, and I work very well and also has a low price, to obtain this is a good offer for who buys it
So far this seems to be an extremely effective (and inexpensive) way to store pictures captured with a multi-mega pixel digital camera. The sevice provided by this company shipping-wise was very fast. All-in-all a great deal
After all the hype on-line about the T-amp, I had to check it out for myself.  All the reports are true!  This is one hot little audio amp which can not be touched for the price.  If you have a portable audio device and two speakers you need to drive with it - this amp is for you.  You will not be disappointed.  I recommend purchasing the AC power supply as well.  You can find others cheaper, but the recommended one works perfectly and insures the warrantee for the T-amp remains valid
Great sound form small box.
Nice platform for tweaking.
Good power needed
Ha sido una buena compra, es un procesador rapido y efeciente en las tareas multimedia
I purchased this as an extra phone so I could access both phone lines on the second floor of my house. Well-built with hold and 3-way conferencing features, sound quality is good and it has selectable ring levels for each line. Powered from the phone line, no external power is used. One drawback: the line indicator doesn't light when the line is being used by other phones in the house.
After reading several reviews of this product I was skeptical about buying this cable.  I wanted a better cable then the composite rca cables that came with my PS2 but I was not sure about paying the price for these when the Sony cables are about half the cost of the Monster Cables.  The reviewers commenting on the cable not fitting into the PS2 properly and the component connectors being too tight to fit onto the TV almost discouraged me from even buying this product.  I decided to bite the bullet and purchase these cables for my PS2.  I am very happy that I decided to buy these cables.  The cable connector fits perfectly into my PS2, better than the connector on my original Sony cables even.  The connectors fit nicely onto my TV, they are snug but not too tight.  I believe they fit snuggly onto the component jacks on my TV because of the 8-cut turbine connector, which fits better than a standard RCA plug.  The video and audio from my PS2 is unbelievable.  My PS2 pushes the video signal to my 32" LCD HD TV at 480i with these cables.  With my stock composite cables the graphics in my games were grainy and sometimes blurry.  Now the graphics are crisp and clear and I only wish I would have bought these sooner.  The display from my PS2 and games fits nicely onto my TV in widescreen now too, before the picture was not centered on my TV and sometimes parts of my game screens would be off the screen.  I would recommend these cables to anyone who wants to improve the video and sound quality of their PS2 over the stock Sony cables.  There are other Monster Cable versions for the PS2 available so choose the one that is right for you, but if you want something that is moderately priced, don't need digital audio via fiber, and the next best thing to HDMI than this is the cable for you.  I am going to get the Monster component cables for my PS3 next so I will be able to hook it up when I don't have HDMI available for it to use.
One more thought, be sure to change the video output on your PS2 from RGB to Y Cb/Pb Cr/Pr in the system configuration before hooking up your PS2 with these cables or it may not work.  My TV told me the connection was not supported and I did not have video output until I changed the video output setting on my PS2
I wanted something to use while mowing the lawn without emptying my bank account.  Cuts the lawnmower noise to a tolerable level, and the sound quality is decent.  Headphones are comfortable and adjust easily.  Unit collapses down to a more manageable size for transportation.  Good battery life
Yep everything is very cool...clarity...etc..but they should do something about clipping in the head of laptop..it is just dancing while I keep it on laptop.
Recently bought this receiver to replace a dead one.  There isn't really anything special about this receiver, but it a solid one.  The two year warranty tells me they stand by their product, in case of a problem (hopefully I won't need to use the warranty).  It gives good, clean power and sound.  Don't let the 75W/channel fool you.  This is a high current receiver and it has a good amount of power.  Time will tell, however, how well this receiver performs.  Also, for the price Amazon was selling for, I couldn't pass it up.
     Unit installed in seconds with no false starts or headaches of any kind. The base is wide and heavy and when placed on a mouse pad doesn't move around at all, even when I get a little too "into" my flight sim games. One can't beat the price either. For flying prop planes, I am very saisfied with the performance
First time I've ever written a review.  I'm not a high tech type, and sometimes it's nothing but frustration for me to deal with high tech stuff.  This remote was a breeze to program, and works fantastic.  My wife and daughter are even less high tech and love it.  Any problems with use, just press "help" and the remote with ask you questions and correct the problem.  Highly recommended
I bought this CD player to use in my car and it has worked beautifully!  When you consider what a fine CD player it is, and the incredibly low price, it is most certainly a Best Buy!
Plenty of room for my Creative Zen Nano player, ear buds and spare battery. I only wish for something other than BLACK! It is easy to misplace
Works as advertised and works really well. I purchased it to provide a serial port for a Virtual windows machine running inside Mac OS X. I used to have issues with other products, but not this one.
This cartridge is very light, easy to install and allows the printer to print out very good quality, durable black ink on the page. It is competitively priced and stores for about a year after you buy it so if you want to stock up for your office or personal printing needs that's great! (It even comes with an expiration date!) HP also packs it well so that it is difficult for the cartridge to become damaged during transit. 
One thing that I didn't like, however, is that the ink can go quickly. If you print a lot, you might even need to replace this cartridge every ten days or so. My needs are about 20 pages per week and I have to change the cartridge roughly every five to six weeks. That's not good; although to be fair to this HP ink cartridge I am printing graphics. 
Four stars (well, maybe three and one half stars) for being great ink in an easy to manage and install cartridge. It loses points for not lasting longer.
Needed the adapter to charge my Shuffle, since the AC adapter I have is one of those older Apple ones with the Firewire connector. Suits my needs perfectly.
No experience with any sound docks, however, so I can't comment on the performance flaws other people have brought up
Great headphones for running! They fit my ears perfectly and I don't have to worry about foam anymore.
Plugged right in and worked like a charm. No software to configure. Great buy. Great product
Portable, easy to use with any chip and really nice pix. I love being able to print from digital files on my ipod
I've been struggling with heat issues for quite some time with my gaming PC and have gone through numerous fans and combinations trying to find a way to keep it cool.  I had just about resigned myself to just running with the case open all the time until I bought this.  After shuffling my PCI cards around so as to allow a space between this and my 6800 Ultra I fired the machine up (and closed the case! ;-) and did some gaming, all the while keeping an eye on the temperature of the card.  This fan easily dropped the temperature on the card 5-7 degrees celsius when the graphics are running full bore.. once the chaos on the screen starts to subside, the cooling is even better.  As an added bonus, this will cool the card down quick once you exit your game.  
I thought for sure that I would have to trade off cooling for a lot more noise and I was surprised to find that I had to listen for it in order to hear it.  About the only complaint I have on this is that the fan speed is manual with a slider on the back (which I knew when I bought it) so it is not temperature sensitive.  Still deserves 5 stars though
Just purchased earbuds at target.  Excellent sound quality, expected that much due to a previous of full headphones.  Even better once you find the right adjustable tip to fit your ear.  Well worth my 100 dollars, granted, I've only had them 5 to 10 minutes, but I won't be returning them any time soon
Bought it for my wife and she loves it. It keeps track of where you were and restarts from there. The display is small (no fancy menus like Ipod)but works well. Sound is excellent.
Be sure to install the drivers and software. The software is small, simple and EASY to use - or you can just COPY/PASTE files onto it.
If you DON'T install the drivers it only works at USB 1.1 speeds and takes a LOT longer to load songs. With drivers you get full 2.0 speeds
I've never had a problem with these DVDs.  They burn and play perfectly and I've never had a problem printing on them.  What's particularly nice about these is the printable area goes all the way to the hole.  It doesn't sound like a big deal but it makes for nicer looking DVDs.  By the way, I use an Epson Stylus Photo R300 to print great photos and DVDs
This Bluetooth remote device works as advertized with my Apple notebook.  Be sure to insert the Bluetooth card all the way into the printer slot before you begin.  I thought mine was in far enough at first, but it really wasn't.  One caveat:  I was hoping that the Bluetooth signal would be strong enough to enable printing from the next room, but it's not.  Also new users should know that they can set up their computer to handle both Bluetooth and cable at the same time
Works well for my mac and BT enabled Sony Ericsson phone.  Other than the built in drivers for the printer in Mac OSX, support for options within the card and printer are non-existant.  Still cant figure out how to manually force a realignment of the cartridges..
Length of ownership: 8 weeks
This puppy really reaches out. My laptop's internal intel/pro wireless sees about 6 networks but with the Hawking dish a typical haul is 20 networks. Thanks to some friendly neighbors I've said goodbye to my paid isp and now enjoy casual and free internet connections, and until metrofi completes its set up of free city-wide wifi I'll get by with that thanks to this neat Hawking device.
Unless I need the next and more expensive step up for such wifi booster devices I hope the Hawking dish proves durable..after all it's been just 2 months of ownership so far, albeit good ones.
Note: For me this device has not seemed very directional in that it will pick up off-beam signals fairly well. Also, placement by a window will help your reception
I purchased the Hawking HWU8DD on the recommendation of several other RVers. WiFi signals at RV parks tend to be unreliable. Until now, the built-in antenna on my laptop could "see" the signal at my park but could not access it. As soon as I installed the software and connected the Hawking antenna via USB port, I immediately accessed my campground's signal.  The Hawking antenna has solved a major problem for me.
These were double the price on another site! My little girl LOVES these speakers! She is using them with her pc.
my ONLY complaint and it's my complaint and not my lil girl's...is that the sound quality is poor.  Obviously, not the speakers to get for real sound quality...but kids love them
My doctor recommended getting a wrist support when using my computer because I had previous carpal tunnel surgery.Ilove the way it comforts the wrist.The gel inside is different than other gel pads I had in the past.It really does give great support and comfort.It can prevent future problems for your wrist.Iam glad Amazon carries it
This product with the assoicated software (included) is everything you hope it is but really don't believe it will be.  The x-ray glasses you saw advertized in the back of the comic book when you were a kid cost you $1.50 to learn a lesson why you should be skeptical.  The Garmin is the real deal.  I bought it for my son (a high school state (Indiana)level miler).  When he took off for his first workout and got home an hour later, he uploaded his entire workout onto the computer and low and behold his whole course with speeds, times, street names, etc., showed up on our computer, starting with the satallite photograph of our patio!!!! 
I just made a long trip from Miami, Florida, all the way to S. Carolina, with a Explorist XL loaded with DirectRoute V3, everything worked just fine, I installed the software, unlock It, upload the maps, all with out any problems, the unit was very fast and accuracy didn't need to keep it over the dashboard, from inside the vehicle worked very well, never took more than a minute to track all satellites, the street route where very accurate, never  got lost, working with POI's was very simple, didn't have any problem handling very large maps I really recommend this unit
I gave my mother-in-law my old Color SporTrack so she could start Geocaching.  I was in search of a handheld unit with a bigger brighter screen.  This unit is it. 
Although it is large, it has features I like: AA batteries (19 hours?, we'll see), easy menu navigation, USB connection to a PC and a rugged case.
I am an engineer so am kind of picky about user interfaces, etc.  I have sent in a list of problems I have found with the menu navigation. All of them can be worked around, but it doesn't work the way I think they intended.  It will be interesting to see if Magellan gets back to me and eventually provides a new version of FW (I am using 1.05).
After doing a lot of research about Megllan SW (mostly negative), I decided to go ahead and purchase the Mapsend DirectRoute v.3 DVD. I found it acceptable and have had no real problems using it. One nit, the files it creates are very small.  You need to edit a text file in the Magellan directoy to allow it to save and download larger files. But once you get the maps downloaded to your unit (very straight forward), the menus change to indicate turning direction.  Thus, it is getting closer to a crossover unit.  Interestingly, Magellan will offer a new unit called the "Crossover" (available January 2007). The specs are pretty sparse on the Magellan web page
Does the job nicely. I am not an audiophile so I dont get into the nit picking when it comes to speaker wire. Just tell me what gauge to use and I do it. Seemed high quality to me
This bag is very good.  The outside phone jack is a plus.  The only negative - hard to access the other DVD's when in use
Arrived on time and is perfect for using headphones and speakers at the same time.
I also purchased this product because of the quality of the receiver made by Sony. This 7.1 channel Home Theater with HDMI passthrough is a great machine that money can buy. If you are looking for quality, surround sound in your livingroom, or your own Home Theater, this s the product you should invest in. This is a great investment for me. I am glad I found it in Amazon
The Lexar JumpDrive Lightning 2GB flash drive has very impressive performance ratings of 160X (24MB/sec) sustained Read and 120X (18MB/sec) sustained Write speed capability.  This is one of the very few USB drives that lists the Read/Write speed capabilities.
The "reality" of flash drives is that the smaller the file size, the slower the transfer rate will be.
I ran some tests with the Lightning to see what the transfer rate and the elapsed time is for groups of various file sizes:
* 433MB	 784 medium files, avg. 550KB	12X	4 min. 3 sec. 
* 483MB   81 large files, avg. 6MB      54X	59 seconds 
* 1GB	   1 very large file           115X	58 seconds
So, even though the Write speed capability of the Lightning is 120X, the transfer rate drops to 12X with medium size files, which is fairly "real-world" usage.  
But, don't let that dissuade you from considering the Lightning:  The higher the "speed capability" of the device, the better the transfer rate will be and the less time it will take to transfer those smaller files. 
To prove this point, I took one of my "great deal" CF cards (that had no speed ratings) that tops out at 36X Read / 7X Write, and ran two of the same tests: 
* 433MB	784 medium files   3X	15 min. 10 sec. 
* 483MB	 81 large files    7X	 7 min. 48 sec.
So, compared to the Lightning, the "great deal!" card took nearly 4 times longer to Write the medium files and 8 times longer to Write the large files.  So, which is the better deal when you use the device over and over and over...
Whether you are shopping for a card or a stick for digital cameras or a USB flash drive, if the performance numbers are not specified, BEWARE!  What you might think is a great deal may get you a device with very poor performance that you will regret purchasing.  I know, I have several in my drawer.
So, my bottom-line advice is:  Look for the highest-rated device you can find.  Flash devices will last a looong time and our file sizes and amount of data will only grow!  So "future-proof" your purchase by shopping for a high-rated and large capacity for now and the future.
(I have no relationship with Lexar or the Flash memory industry.
This is a solid device, and I like the included software for burningb dvd as well as c
I haven't had any problems using this DVD/CD burner over Firewire on a G4 iMac running Mac OSX Tiger. In fact, setting the drive up was easier than what was recommended in the manual; it was truly plug-and-play.
Minor quibbles: the open/close button is hard to reach when the disc tray is extended, the black plastic face of the drive looks cheesy compared to the cool aluminum case, and only the Lite version of Toast 6 is included.
Bottom line: I would buy this burner again, given my experiences using it
The product works great. What i didn't like was not having the attachment to charge the battery in my home. It only came with the cigarette lighter power source. I had to purchase the other power source seperately. I also had purchased the 3000 model previously and it came with both power sources. Why is that
the cam is good...it has a special feature to show the person/object by automatic adjustment...and a very good part abt it is, it has a built in mike and helps a lot..
Bought these stands after much research, was looking for a good stand at a fair price. These serve the purpose. Great stand , great price.
I bought this SD card and took some 100 snaps out of it.The card is really fast with my canon A510 camera.Reading takes a slightly longer time than writing.I would recommend this card to anyone.Actually this card outperforms the 16MB MMC supplied with the camera.Also the 256MB card will hold upto 200 (may be lesser) 3.2MP pictures.
I purchased this card a month ago. I use it on my Dell Axim X3i. So far it has been fully compatible, fast, and flawless. I haven't owned another PDA or SD card so I can't give you a first-hand benchmark. But I can say that accessing the card is quick and I have not had any skips while playing my music files. The 256MB is good for the price if you wait for Amazon to drop their price in conjunction with the manufacturer's rebate
I got my replacement battery and put into the computer.  The date started working whenever the computer is off and I haven't had any problems
the Klipsch igroove can go toe to toe with the more expensive bose sound wave all day long. I researched dockable ipod / mp3 players for a few months before I decided on this one for my wife's office. 
I'm fussy when it comes to quality audio equipment, the I-grove does not disappoint. It provides room filling sound with no distorion. 
I listened to it extensively before wrapping it up for xmas to make sure it had the quality I insist on. It delivered.
Another bonus with the Klipsch is it's ability to accomodate other mp3 players and / or personal compact disc players.
I'm completely satisfied with my purchase of the Klipsch i-Groove.
I'm sure these earphones work and sound fine but I was looking for something softer/smaller for my apparently small earholes.  :
I bought one for a relative last Christmas. Saw how convenient and easy it was to program. So I bought one for myself this March. It works just great.
The setup software programs the 670 easily and the Logitech remote replaces the remotes for a HDTV, a DVD Home Theater A/V Receiver, a DishHD DVR Receiver, and a Psyclone PSC01 Source Selector.  One button click now setups all those devices to the right status for a particular entertainment activity. 
I like the color screens and icons on the higher end  Logitech remotes .. but the discrete placement of buttons on the 670 is much more practical for me to use. Function wins forms this time round.
All is not rosy though. Added the Sony PS3 to the   entertainment arena.  The Bluetooth requirements of the PS3 leaves it out of the IR RF remotes inner circle. Consider this  if you need a combined solution for Infra Red  RF as well as Bluetooth devices. ( The Sony PS3 is deliberately left powered on so it is not an issue in this case). Fully backlit is a signifcant bonus..none of the replaced remotes had adequate backlit features. 
Short version: This cool tool really works and should satisfy most. Think "out of the box" though if you have a Sony PS3 tied into your entertainment network. 
..click
My wife and I have maybe a dozen or so devices connected via WiFi spread throughout our four-bedroom home. Among these were an Avaya 4610SW SIP (VOIP) phone and a PC serving as an Asterisk server (Asterisk is an open source PBX). This configuration has worked well for a couple of years now. In the past few months I've been having occasional disconnects of VOIP calls coming in to Asterisk from the PSTN. After some investigation, I decided to move my phone and server off WiFi and onto a HomePlug network, using the electrical wiring as another Ethernet. The hardest part of the installation was freeing up an electrical outlet in my second-floor office where my phone is, in the basement where the server is, and in the family room on the first floor where the LinkSys WiFi router/access point is located. After that, it was just a matter of plugging in an Ethernet cable from the Netgear box to the router, and moving the Ethernet cables from the WiFi boxes for the phone and server to the Netgear boxes. It was that simple.
[...]
I wish all high-tech equipment were this easy to install
I purchased this for my teenager to use with her IPod Nano. I shopped around for a while before I finally decided on this one because it came with losts of accesories and she uses it everyday all the time and says it works perfectly. I've only had it for a month but it's holding up in the hands to a teen and no complaints so far.
We love the card scanner, it's the best. Everyone who is a recruiter should have one it saves time and space
I have, and have had, lots of SW radios including a number of Sonys.  This is one of their many gems.  Great perfomance, lots of memories and snazzy look. Good for travel (certainly not as compact as the SW100, of course).  A great radio to consider if you only want one shortwave radio, and don't want to spend very much. Good for listening, and good for DXing while traveling.  Look no further
Good job making a sturdy case that does not add too much bulk to a very thin device.  My major fear was that this would make my 1955 too thick and I would not use it.  It is just right and great protection for my 1955 - by the way I replaced a 4150 with this 1955 and case because my daughter accidently sat on my 4150 and broke the screen.  It is a great piece of protection
I bought this phone and three expansion handsets about a year ago and couldn't be happier.  The phones have the clarity of a corded phone.  The built in intercom system is perfect.  The phones allow you to "name" the handsets as we did (Kitchen, Basement, Bedroom, etc) so you can page based on location rather than remembering numbers.  They have a reliable and effective speakerphone built in, as well as jacks for headset (though the speakerphone seems to make this unnecessary.
One problem with these phones is the batteries.  In the year that we have had them, the battery life on all of the phones has degraded severely.  Often my wife would be on conference calls for one to two hours, and we would go through all four phones.  Leave a phone off the charger and in a day it's useless.  The only solution was to replace the batteries (which was significantly cheaper and easier than buying new phones and re-programming all the phone numbers).  I recommend the Energizer ER-P240, which is a Nickel-Metal Hydride battery and won't develop the Ni-Cad memory effect.
I love that the base station has a place for 4 AAA batteries so that the system can still be used during a power outage
What can I say, it's an ink cartridge. You get a lot of pages out of it, its great quality, and thats about it
I can't describe this MP3 with words "great"
It's more than great.
It fits my pocket, and it's music quality is great.
My sister and I bought this incredible MP3 with doubts but, it is more than great.
If somebody is considering buying an MP3, I strongly recommend to buy this iRiver.
Thank you, thank you, thank you
These speakers can almost hit any range of sound, but if anything they are a little weak on the bass side.  They put out very crisp sound for my system.  You might want to add a sub to them for complete range sound
If you're looking at this page you probably already know a lot about HP calculators.  Chances are you either had a 32SII and don't want to go the Ebay route or wanna slim down from that 48/49 series because you don't really need that extra functionality.  Is the 33S perfect?  No, not by a long ways, but it's the best thing we've got.  If you want a new scientific RPN calculator this is it.  
This battery will transform your Epson PictureMate Deluxe Viewer Edition from a nifty little photo printer into an absolute Must Have item ! I take it with me when ever I'm doing an off-site photo shoot, or even when I'm out for a weekend shooting candids. The portability you get by adding this battery to the printer is priceless. I have printed as many as 40 photos on one charge.
Not so many words to talk about this item, but let me tell you that now I always use my rino turned on, in my car. baterie drain its no more cash pain!
**Good things:
-comes with a led(small light) that turns on with diferent colors(red green yellow) so you could know if your rino its turned on or of or disconected.
-large cable(for a car, you could use youre rino in the back seat even conected in the front of the car)
**bad things
just a bad ending quality, it looks like a adapter of 2.99bucks, but I had owned it for more than a year and cero problems.
pvpaco@gmail.co
I have had this item for about 6 weeks.  Haven't used to a lot, but so far I like it.  This power inverter is smaller and looks nicer than my old one, which was stolen out of my car along with a few other things.
It has one electrical outlet, and above that is a cigarette lighter outlet, so if you have other devices that need that kind outlet you can use them while this power inverter is plugged in.  
The plug fits kind of loosely in my cigarette lighter outlet, but I don't know if that's the plug or the outlet on my car.  
The only thing I don't like about this item is the "no tangle" cord.  Its one of those coiled up cords, like a telephone cord (look at the picture of the item).  The cord is long enough that it could stretch to the backseat, but if I were to try this it would pull the plug out of the outlet.  Its coiled so tight that I couldn't really put it anywhere that would require the coil to be stretched.  It just annoys me that they call it a 36" cord.  For practical use not more than probably 18", but I don't have the item right in front of me to measure it.
I'll still give this item 5 stars.  4.5 if Amazon allowed 1/2 stars. 
How often are you on the way to work or to a meeting and you end up getting stuck in the traffic jam of the century. Nobody is moving and you can tell it's going to be a while. It would make sense to brush up on those reports or your presentation while you're stuck, but who wants to eat up the battery on their laptop right before a presentation? This inverter allows you to plug in your laptop into your car - just like a wall outlet - no worries, work off your car's alternator instead of your battery and catch all your typos before you get to your appointment
It was up and running in 15 minutes. Had to order WiFi adapter to get program updates - got it and it installed automatically. I would buy it again
This might be the best thing Apple has ever made, it works perfectly with my Mac Book Pro and my PCs. The security is awsome and it has great range with easy instalation. After many flaws with my Lynksys, I took the risk with this and it was worth it. I have NEVER had a problem with this
Seems sturdy, however, it did not fit my TV. 
Will not fit Samsung LNS 4692D
I bought this for my new Sony Ericson W300i phone so that i could actually put some music on the phone. It came with a MS pro adapter which is nice because I have a slot on my computer for that. It is fast and just what I wanted
This thing is selling in the Best Buy with $53.33 + tax. I bought that in here for under $40 with free super saver shipping in Jan. It's working very well until now with my SonyEricsson K800i
Which was Nomadland.  The Bono-pod is beautiful.  However the inconsistency of the iPod itself is a nightmare.  I've had it just over a month now and it has started to randomly skip songs.  It's apparently a known problem with several models of the device, with no particular fix.  Great. 
This is an exact replacement for the high quality, precision made suction cup mount that comes packaged with the Nuvi unit. Unlike many such suction cup products, this one sticks. I bought an extra for ease in "cross-decking" my one Nuvi unit between my two cars. I just leave the mounts in place on the windshields of both cars and move the Nuvi and power cord to whichever car I am using at the moment. A good convenience. Note that I attach this mount to the windshield. I have not tried the red-disc mounting plate that allows the mount to be attached to a pebbly-textured dashboard... I was scared off by the warning that ones you attach the red disk it is extremely hard to remove.
This has been an excellent purchase.  Well worth the price. Excellent color and clarity
It was great that the Nikon D8 purchase included a SanDisk MicroMate with USB connection
As of 2007 most of the bugs mentioned in the other reviews are fixed. The ipod fits snug as a bug in my unit and it even charges it.Youu can even find this as low as $140 or chaper.  Im not sure why the bad reviews.This is a wonderful dvd player and the newer one i got even plays your ipod through your tv if you want..older versions did not allow this. You should buy this.The video quality isnt great, but good,  thats why i gave it four stars instead of five It is bulky but you need room for the ipod to plug in. the only bad side is no ipod naviation from the menu. you must use the ipod itself..But being able to play your ipod and dvd through any tv with rca jacks (audio/video) is great..i can now backup my purchased ipod items to dvd since i have an eyetv250 which allows you to use your computer as a tv. the eyetv has rca jacks on the device which allows me to record it to my harddrive which i then use toast to burn my dvd..all in all its completely worth it. even as a stand alone dvd player it's great..never had the first proble
This router functions great in the household environment.  It is VERY easy to install and security is equally as easy to set.
This keyboard is the best i've ever used. The backlight is excellent and the keys just have that unique touch that just soothes your fingers. Great and cool design. i recommend this keyboard all the way! Im typing on it right now by the way.
What can I say, I got a code at Chrismas time through the Amazon promotion and got this tv for $200. It's perfect for a master bedroom set and the picture is great. Why spend so much more than the regular Amazon price for a more expensive brand when you can get this tv? No problems and it works wonderfully! Great deal, with free shipping even! Time and again, Amazon is great
I purchase this on Amazon for $499 no tax & free shipping. You can not match this quality at this price. The HD with HDMI cable using Comcast digital box is outstanding. The sound is also better with the HDMI vs componet cables. The jacks are hard to connect in the back of the set and you need to set the picture to manuel mode. The picture is to red on the preset modes and looks like there is too much color. I looked at Samsung for $800 and I am glad I saved myself $300 with this LCD
I use an i-Pod mini in my car.  It is in the center console where it connects to the auxillary input.  I used to have to open the console to make changes or turn it on or off.  The air click allows me to do all of that with the remote that I leave in a tray outside the console.  It works just as it is supposed to with no problems at all.  It solved my problem and I am a very satisfied customer. 
I have my iPod hooked up to the stereo on my motorcycle. The iPod stays tucked away in a safe place, and the remote gets strapped to the handlebar. All the needed functions are now at my fingertips. I can lock the iPod control pad, so it doesn't accidentally get bumped.
I also use the Griffin FM transmitter. Nice, but not nearly as slick as the remote. I can't use them both at the same time, but I don't need to
This one of those products your girlfriend wonders why you are wasting your money on, that turns out to make life so much easier.  It has allowed me to leave my ipod in my backpack on my way to work, and go through security to get into work, all without having to open my bag.  The remote has a velcro strap that I use to attach to the shoulder strap of my back pack.  I am able to start and stop tunes and change the volume without needing to pull the ipod out.  My only complaint was that the headphone jack should have a strap or something to help keep the headphones in all the way and the device could also have a strap.  As the device is made for active people it would be nice to know that everything would stay connected, because when things do come undone, you do have to open your bag and put it all back together and that defeats the point of having the air click.
This was a great buy, Item was as described. A++++++++++
The item works as I expected. I received within the tiem offered by the seller. I'll buy again from this merchant
After having my GPS come loose (barrel pin failure) on more than one occasion I decided to give this a try. 
I've now used this on a 2 month MTB tour of Nepal and Tibet. Held my Forerunner 301 securely on hundreds of miles of washboard, technical singletrack, etc. Also withstood countless grabby children and curious bystanders in numerous villages. 
You do NOT have to remove the wrist band to use it with the mount. I love the reassuring "snap" when it locks into the mount, and the wrist strap functions as a safety back up - although it never came loose from the mount on me. Convenient release allows you to remove it quickly and easily. My only very minor complaint is you have to remove the GPS from the mount to charge it.
It fit perfectly on my 1" (25.6mm) diameter bars.
Like it so much I just ordered the "oversize" mount for my motorcycle.
Very good product. You do need to use help menue for instructions because the paperwork that comes with it doesn't tell you a lot.Overall I'm having fun using this product
I bought this in lieu of the Fuji counterpart which was out of stock in Amazon. Since the Fuji Finepix E900 runs on AA batteries and its AC powercord/supply is an option one has to buy, this reader is a cheap, quick and even more portable alternative for downloading pix to my Mac
I'd been using wireless for gaming for the past 3 months and always had lag problems even if the latency said it was around 50. I got the set of these and they work awesome. Just plug one into an outlet next to your pc and one next to your router. Run the cat5 cables from one to the pc and one to the router and you are all set. Now I can do my gaming without the lag I got from wireless and have yet to have any problem with these. These are truly plug and play. Now if only they were a little cheaper
I purchased the LJ3390 to replace an existing LJ3320.  The $350 rebate available until the end of Oct was the deciding factor as it made the unit a very reasonable purchase.
My main interest in the upgrade was to purchase a network connected printer.  Duplex print capability was the other factor that tipped the scale in favour of the LJ3390 over the LJ3052.
I now have 3 desktop and 2 laptop printers all printing successfully.  All run XP SP2 and are either connected via a wired or wireless network connection.  Software installation went flawlessly.
While I can't comment about HP versus other vendor software, I can say that the LJ3390 software is a major improvement over that of my LJ3320.  Scanning is faster by at least a factor of 2X, quite likely more like 3-4X.  Printing of complex pages is also much faster, exactly what I would expect from a newer generation print engine and an HP Laserjet printer.
All in all I am very pleased that I upgraded.  It has met all my upgrade goals.  Printing is faster, scanning is much faster.  The network connectivity ensures anyone can print without another machine being forced to be a print server and constantly left on.  I haven't played with the fax side yet, but am hoping this finally let's me retire my trusty standalone fax machine.
MVSV3 Gives excellent color with a vivirant and vivid feel.     Deffinently a high porformence wire in its class,and worth the buy
This unit is battery powered and mine arrived with a dead battery, however, replacing that was quick and easy although irritating. After installation and use for a while, I noticed the unit also got rid of some direct dialed calls as well as computer generated calls. If you don't speak immediately after pickup, the telemarketer hears the tone and hangs up! Great Item..
I bought the Telezapper from John Whitaker and it was delivered in 3ays. It didn't work so I contacted John and he told me to return it and he would test and if it didn't work he would send me a new one . He was good to his word and promptly send sent one that worked. He's the best:)
Ben. Rodrigue
Works as it should. It's enough for my needs and handles simultaneous activity on all ports well. Not an unbearable dropoff in performance while say, transferring huge files to an external hard drive, while burning a DVD, and fiddling with the iPod. If you're like me and you need your laptop to do a little more without adding to desk clutter uneccesarily, this should suit you fine
This product is simple to use and has all of the functionality I need while presenting
Got 3 of them a few months ago, and buying another one now.  Excellent product, fits many different plug types. No flaws.
I agree with Max.  Don't use those inferior cables that come with your DVD player.  I just bought a DVD player and immediately got these Monster cables to connect between the TV and DVD.  Image quality is the best I can get on my 20&quot; TV, really cool
I received this product from an Amazon.com seller for 1/2 the price of what Best Buy was selling it for. It was new and in an unopened box. Upon opening the box I was able to tell right away that it was built very good.  The hinges for the outer antenna sections are very sturdy and once locked in the open position were not going anywhere.  I had spent over $300 for a Runco antenna for my Runco projector for local HD (DirecTV does not have local HD in my area) and even with perfect mounting position outside was only getting at best 80% reception with it.  This antenna with a similar design the the Runco model is built better and I get between 94-98% reception depending on the channel (directional antenna so reception varies slightly).  I was also amazed with the fact that I not only get local channels for Youngstown Ohio, but I also get locals with over 60% reception from Cleveland (direction antenna is facing) but also Pittsburgh (which is on opposite side of house about 60 miles away and in opposite direction antenna is facing).  Great product and no issues with it so far.  The included booster works better than the one built into my DirecTV receiver, so I advise hooking antenna up straight to your ant in on the back of your projector (if it has a built in HD tuner) or TV for best results
I've had mine for 10 months now and it's been very reliable; not one problem with it. It's quick to print out the first page, the display is a monochrome LCD with a backlight so you can see in dark spaces (say, if you keep it under a counter), no paper jams, no nonsense. 
Also, if you're an Apple owner the drivers are already included with OS X; truly plug n print. What's a real treat is to combine it with an Apple Airport Express and use Apple's Bonjour software to easily convert it to a wireless network printer. Bonjour is available for both OS X and Windows computers, and is a breeze to install. 
I highly recommend if you're in the market for a multifuntion monochrome laser printer machine that is compatible with both Windows and Mac OS
I bought this for my daughters Sansa e230 mp3 player and could not be more satisfied. I was leary of the price, but this unit is worth every penny. Recharges your player and has awesome sound for the size, while plugged in or with batteries. No regrets about this purchase
The reception is much better than my old antenna, however, I was expecting instructions to be included with the antenna.  After some time I figured out how to hook up the tv and vcr to the antenna
I am quiet satisfied with the T10. 
3 cons: 
no reset button, AA battery type (I prefer litium ion) , primitive menu.
3 Pros: 
mp3 + voice record + fm radio
good sound quality
belt clip
Overall success: 80 %
I owned a Bose wave radio for a number of  years. The price was well beyond my financial means, but I made the sacrifice, and I'm very glad I did. The sound defied belief, and  I was very pleased. You will be, too. Forget the detractors herein. They know nothing, like the "reviewer" who listened to AM Radio. If the sound of frying eggs is appealing to you, then, any radio will suffice. But if a clear sound is what you're going for, then go buy a Bose Wave Radio! You'll be glad you did. I know that I am
Bought this to convert PAL Hi-8 (Canon) purchased years ago in Singapore for Mac (PowerBook G4, Tiger OS-X) nonlinear editing. Worked perfectly the first time, only needed to set a single switch to select PAL. No need for software drivers etc. Happily plugged and played with the Mac and the camcorder.
Acceptable price for the features and ease of use.
Installation time was only about 20 min. Hook up the Digital and analog cables, and it configures itself. It took me a while to decide which resolution to use that was best for me, but once I found it, I was really pleased with the size and clarity. Music composition is much easier with the big screen. One small con was the stand is not adjustable, but it fit perfectly into my office space, so I didn't need the adjustment. The video quality on this LCD is amazing.
Ronnie Be
After enduring the so-so performance of my stock ipod headphones, I figured it was time to step up.  As I travel constantly, I wanted something that would would block out exterior noise; as a music freak I wanted something that would sound great.  After countless hours of research and even more time debating on what brand of headphones to get (UE vs. Shure vs. Etymotics) I bought the Super.fi 5 pros.  In the end it was the price, Amazon was selling then for $90 less than the MSRP. Can't beat that.
As soon as they were delivered I hooked them up and put them on.  They aren't kidding when they tell you to turn your audio device way down.  I keep the volume on my ipod way down, a fraction of what I kept it at with the stock headphones.  The room I was in faces a major road and we had the windows wide open, so to say there was plenty of ambient noise would be an understatement.  With the UEs on, it was just me and the music.  A fire engine thundered by, normally a painfully annoying experience.  Again, the UEs reduced it to the point that I didn't realize the fire engine was coming until I saw it drive by.
As for the music.  I first played a couple of tracks by Jenny Lewis and the Watson Twins.  I immediately noticed elements to the music I never even heard with my other headphones.  Jenny Lewis' angelic voice came through so beautifully clear it was like I was listening to them for the first time.  Next I put on some Ray Charles.  With the UEs, it was like I was there in the front row.  The horn section nearly kicked me out of me chair while I discovered that there was indeed a woodwind section.  I've read complaints that in ear headphones don't produce enough bass, so I decided to see for myself and played a couple of tracks from Siamese Twin by The Smashing Pumpkins.  While I'm not by any means a bass head, I need some bass to enjoy rock albums.  I couldn't have been happier with how the UEs performed.  The drums in the album (which I've always considered some of the best) came alive.  The guitars actually had some balls, but didn't overpower the singing or drums.
As is the case when you stick things in your ears for a period of time, your ears are bound to hurt a little.  I found this to be the case only for a day or two, after that the UEs fit snugly without any complaint.  The only weird thing I encountered had to do with ear wax.  My wife, an audiologist, forbids the family from using Q-tips.  So after taking the UEs off for the first couple of times, there was a nice deposit left on the tips of the headphones.  Like the discomfort, this earwax experience only lasted for the first couple of times I used the UEs, and with the supplied earwax cleaner it was really a non issue.
When there are so many excellent products out there, finding the perfect headphones becomes extremely challenging.  I've never tried on Shures or Etymotics, so I can't compare the performance of those headphones and the UEs.  What I do know is that I got a really great deal on the best headphones I've ever had.  Without a doubt these are the last pair of headphones I will buy for some time. 
After looking at $250.00 mounts, I was unsure about order at this low price.  This is a great, well built unit. I would have no problem putting
a 130 lb. unit on it if you follow the enclosed instructions.  Hardware 
for most walls included.  Well painted with no rough edges.  Mine was installed over wall board into wood studs.  I used the awl to make sure I hit the studs dead center. Delivery from New York to Sarasota, Fl. was 5 days.  Can't bet that
Basically, This backpack is all that I need in a back pack. Very well padded, very roomy, fits an HP Pavillion dv8000 17" laptop. Its very attractive and after a month on use shows no signs of ware and tear. Definately worth the $. Unlike my previous packpacks The straps adjust so quickly and easily that I adjust them every time I put the pack on or take it off. Great Product!!!
I purchased the docking station for potability when on the beach, at the pool or camping.
I had it going nonstop for 8.5 hours on the same set of batteries it was still going strong.
I would by again
this is good for when you go on a trip you know it will keep your streetpilot going. and it isn't bulky. and it's made with quality just like the streetpilot itself
It's a decent mic for just a few bucks.  It works adequately, and has an on/off switch, and an XLR connector.
It comes with a XLR-to-1/4 cord.  If you're going to plug this mic into a mixer, be sure to get a XLR-to-XLR cord.  The volume of the mic, when connected to a mono 1/4 jack with the included cable, was almost inaudible.  With a XLR-to-XLR cord, it was at normal volume levels compared with other equipment
La instalaci�n del producto fue bastante simple, la configuracion y operacion tambien los son, solo he observado un problema con el control remoto, en ocasiones deja de funcionar, no controla el volumen ni cambia los caneles de cable, solo despues de oprimir el boton de apagado y luego de vilver a activarlo es que regresa la funcionalidad de los botones de control de volumen y selector de canales; otra observacion en el funcionamiento es que al seleccionar en forma progresiva canales estos saltan al siguiente
Never a better caluclator in existance.
Used it all thought Calculus classes and Computer Science. It does everything. Fast, smooth, pretty print flawlessly and more memory then a herd of elephants. Even does 3D graphing excellently. Spherical trig? not a problem at all and fully graph it, slice it up and zoom in.
Also a few sites on hacking the TI-92 Plus that you can google for anyone intrested
Great buy for the money. four stars only because it is made out of about 3/8" mdf and could be sterdier. Height is great for medium size bookshelf speaker tweaters to be at ear level while siting on the couch
Use Canon ink with you Canon printer and you'll have no problems, just excellent pictures
Very good quality sound, loud ring, substantial weight (not all cheap plastic with no heft).  
Only con is that even on "low" the ringer is very loud
This is an AWESOME little device. 
Let me start with the pros: 
1) EASY: Incredibly easy setup (literally press one button - never believed it, but it's true. Plug in the usb transmitter, press the blue button & voila.) 
2) GOOD SOUND: For a small set of speakers, these things sound great. They are not going to compare to speakers hooked up to your rack stereo system, but sound very good and comparable to a $45 two-speaker set of monitor-side speakers. There's a built in sub-woofer that helps as well. 
3) WIRELESS RANGE: With 4 AA batteries, you can carry this little guy around your whole house - and outside your house. Reception is great. I am used to bluetooth headsets that don't really work much further than 10 feet from the phone - I had doubts about bluetooth speakers, but I am amazed with reception these guys have. 
4) CONTROLS: the Forward, Reverse & Pause buttons on the speaker work fine with both Media Player or Yahoo Music Engine running on the laptop(the only two I tried). Again, I was surprised, but they worked flawlessly. 
5) COOL: As far as cool factor, this little guy is definitely that. 
Cons: 
1) NO REMOTE: It would be nice if there was a remote control for the unit that would allow you to control the sound, FF, RW, Pause, Play controls. 
2) NO CONTROL FROM PC: You can't control the sound (or mute) from the laptop - only from the speakers. 
3) SOUND: Above I said the sound was good - and it is considering the size of this system. However, these are small speakers and a mini-sub and the sound is thus somewhat small too. It's good, but it's not going to compare to a quality set of speakers hooked up to your rack stereo system. There is base but not a great deal - you definitely won't feel the music with these speakers. 
4) VOLUME: Volume is limited - it's enough to fill a mid-sized room, but not much more. 
For $100, this is an outstanding little speaker system that does an amazing job with NO WIRES. Carry it to your kid's room. To the garage. To the basement. No wires, nothing. 
If convenience is and portability is important to you, and if medium sound quality is ok, then I would HIGHLY recommend this speaker system. It's great. 
Personally, I'm not sure if I'm going to keep them because I would really like fuller sound (this was an attempt at easy speakers for my living room) and more base - but they're so cool and convenient, that I doubt I'll be able to give them up! 
FOR OTHER BLUETOOTH IDEAS AND WI-FI NETWORK OPTIONS, see my post at the Hydrogen Audio forum: [...]
I bought this for my wife. I have an iRiver HP120, which I consider to be one of the best ever made. I have to say, I think this is a great little player. The interface is well designed, the unit is well made, and the sound quality is excellent. I purchased a U2 about 1 year ago as a gift, which was also excellent. I think Cowon is making some of the better MP3 players on the market now, and I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for a high quality unit
The parallel USB adapter worked just like it was supposed to. My problem was that the printer I was using it with was no longer supported in Windows XP. So while the adapter turned out to be useless, I'm keeping it for possible future use
I ordered this product and it arrived 2 days later. It is genuine Canon ink for a great price. I will definitely buy at amazon.com again
I've had Canon printers using this cartridge for more than a year and won't settle for any of those knock-offs. Yeah, they're often much cheaper, but this is one area where you get what you pay for. Brand X fades and does not perform as well in the inkjet system. This has been confirmed in independent lab tests in a leading PC magazine. I have had to install and remove countless cartridges and NEVER spilled a drop. The pop-in, pop-out design couldn't be easier
I've owned and use the Sony 256MB Memory Stick Pro pictured (in black), and currently also use a 1GB Sony Memory Stick Pro. I've not had any problems with them, formatting or otherwise, over long periods of heavy use. OK, a little pricier than, say, SD cards, but a good quality product for Sony digital cameras.
I have really bad luck with head sets (I dropped a vise on my last set, really)these are really well built headphones, it always seems to be the mic or the volume control that goes bad, but on this head set they are all separate so if any one goes out then you still have a good head set. They can get very loud and not crack, exceptional base, and mic is very very clear. They are light but feel solid, although I have not put them to the vise test they seem you be strong. I have very big ears that is one of the reasons I bought this head set, it is very comfortable. The only thing I don't like is that they do not block very much sound because there are holes behind the ear cups, but maybe it help keep your ears cool, maybe. I really give them 4 1/2 stars. I paid about $90 for them and I have no regrets. So if you want a head set to use is a relatively quit environment these are good but if not go for the Sony mdr-300/mdr-400 they don't have mics but good headphones.
Hope this helped, good luck
The quality of this bag is just great the problem could be the very tiny front bag. It also has a small bag for the AC power cable and transformer but once you use it there is no place to put it comfortably considering a 15" laptop
This armband provides good protection to the nano via a skin that the nano slides into and a rigid clear protector that fits over the screen (stays in place by pressure from the skin pressing down on rubberized edges of the protector). 
It works well for jogging and working out. The neoprene (better than leather for sweaty workouts) armband fits well on my upper arm (6' 200lb) and seems pretty adjustable to other size arms. It is a bit awkward to silde the nano into the skin while keeping the screen protector in place. I first began sliding the nano into the armband mount but found that difficult to keep the screen protector in place so I now just clip it in which seems to work fine. It has tried to come loose from the armband a couple of times but I think this was due to not ensuring the nano was fully seated into the armband. 
I have only used the armband for about 3 weeks now and I am satisfied at this point, I am only giving 4 stars due to the screen protector being scuffed out of the package and there could have been better documentation included. Also on another note, apple should have centered the hold button on the top of the nano because almost all protectors I have seen make it somewhat difficult to access the button and this one is no exception. The button is next to the upper left edge and any decent protector has to almost cover this area to work properly. 
All in all you will be satisfied with the armband and remember for the price your are getting a skin for everday protection of the nano and a good armband also so it's a solid value.
I bought these for my Zune after an exhaustive search for a good sounding, compact headphone for work and working out at the gym.
If you are like me and can't stand all the earbuds out there, then you need to find another solution. I tried the Premium Zune buds at 40 bucks, and the Bose Quiet comfort buds at 100 bucks, but they just gave me earaches and I was always fiddling with them to keep them in my ear canal tight. 
I read countless reviews of this headphone and I can say this is the best sounding under $40 headphone out there that won't mess with your hair. (Yes, better than even the Bose earbuds!)
If you are only using the stock buds or phones with your mp3 player, be prepared to be blown away. Tight, full bass range with smooth airy highs and mellow mids. You don't have to crank them either, they sound rich even at lower volumes. But if you do crank them they don't distort at all. If you have ever tried the Bose Quiet comforts at the stores, these sound very similar but with an open air design!
The only negative is the comfort. The little rubbery clips that go behind your ears take some getting used to and can hurt after 30 minutes or so. I think I'll get used to it. I'd much rather deal with a little discomfort on the outer ear vs. jamming an earbud in my ear and getting a sore ear canal (which I had). That could lead to ear infections or other more serious ear problems.
Some other reviewers complained about the headband, but it sounds like they were not wearing these right. Once on your noggin, the band needs rotated up toward you skull in the back till it touches your head. This keeps everything nice and tight and also gives the earclips more space and flexibilty which equals greater comfort. I do not think the headband is too tight, it has the perfect amount of tension to keep these in place.
I might buy a pair of the PX 100's as well just for wearing around the house or lying in bed reading.  The PX 100 is the same exact phone in an "over the head" design. At $40, I can afford to get both
When my CDs started skipping I thought they has seen the last days of spinning, however this Disc Cleaner has solved all problems. You simply put the CD into the cleaner with the label side down. Then, you spray the disc cleaner to the disc surface. You only apply one even spray of cleaner. Then, you close the case and make sure the lid is totally closed. 
Once you have cranked the movable part of the lid about 5 times, you can remove the disc and let it dry completely. Most of the cleaner was absorbed into the cleaning pad after the recommended 5 rotations. I found that 8 or 9 rotations did the trick. 
The first time I used this cleaner I was a bit frustrated with it because I noticed little pieces of black foam all over my CDs. Apparently, there is a little piece of foam in the middle that looks like it belongs there and it seems glued down, but once I removed that piece of foam, all was go. 
This unit comes with one additional cleaning pad. I think if you are just using this to remove fingerprints, you won't have to replace the cleaning pads very often. 
Handy gadget to prolong disc life and restore performance to contaminated disc surfaces. 
~TheRebeccaReview.com 
I purchased 2 for my son and husband. Both rumble and work perfectly with the racing games such as Need for Speed Underground 2, Nascar 2003 and 2004. Some of the early games cannot be used, but they still love it. The wheels actually feel like you are in a race car with realistic resistance. I recommend this item
It works!  The antenna isnt junk either, I am getting almost all the digital stations from chicago 25 miles from sears tower with it inside my house sitting on my desk. I also get many digital channels that happen to be on the comcast analog cable in my area (chicagoland). Problem is that all the analog stations on my comcast cable are untuneable, so I cant watch those on my mac.  Its not supposed to be a cable tuning box, just digital stuff, so its fine, I just thought it did that as well.
next thing to do is get a bigger/better antenna mounted outside and cancel cable (as I only watch a couple stations anyways).
eyetv - works.
cytv with it - works great!  make sure you go and donate to that opensource project
Very easy to assemble, has very classic lines, lets stereo equipment have plenty of ventilation, hard to find add-on shelf in maple. Holds a lot of equipment
The Apple Airport Card - network adapter - Airport 802.11b was a fabulous purchase.  It did exactly what it was supposed to, was easy to install and test, worked immediately.  The vendor that supplied the airport card was prompt, efficient, courteous, and careful in the packaging.  Very happy with the product
This card is great for the seamless apple look and feel (and only option for internal in imac/ibook/PB) but it is way overpriced now that it is out of production. There are other options. Belkin F5D6050 USB B adapter has drivers for 9.2 and OSX, several manufacturers (e.g. certain Belkin, Linksys, Microsoft) PCI cards have airport extreme chipsets (broadcom) on them that OSX reads as a real airport Xtreme card. You need to do your research and some cards have different chipsets in different revisions, but it is pretty easy overall - and you can save $100
I had been using my air conditioning vents to hold my XM radio and this was recommended to me through a friend.  It's super easy to install and works great.  It doesn't move or shake while driving and is adjustable height wise to fit most car setups.  It was well worth the money and in the summer heat, I am glad I bought it and got my extra air conditioning vent back
Nothing much to report.  They were as advertised and fulfilled my need
The thing that seperates this DVD Case from the rest is it's center lock design. It's secures the disc nicely without damaging it... like I have had others do. Worth the extra dough to have a quality product. (Now if only their memorex's software was as good!
I purchased this USB light/fan combo mainly for the fan.  I'm one of those guys who is a human heater -- always a little warmer than everyone else.  I use this fan when I'm studying in the library, on the computer at a coffee shop or even at home using my laptop at the desk.  It provides a nice little jet of air right at my face which makes me feel cooler all over.  I can even direct it right in front of me and only the nose of the rotor head is visible because when the fan is running, of course, you can see right through the blades.  The fan runs quietly too.  I've had a couple of times when the fan is making a bit of a noise or isn't running a quickly as normal.  I just pop off the rotor head, adjust the blades a bit (they are flexible vinyl and I give them a little twist and a crease to make them more rigid as they sometimes get bent in my carrying case), pop the rotor head back on and it's good as new again.  
While I like this product a lot, I doubt with frequent use that it will last much more than a year but I still think it's well worth it.  My only regret is that I didn't order two or three of these for future back-ups if needed.  
The light works well too.  It does not illuminate the entire keyboard but in a dark setting it does provide enough illumination for the typical user (a hunt and peck typist may be frustrated but I think it may be enough light for that kind of visibility as well) and definitely enough light to read from a book or hard copy document.
I travel overseas a lot for my job. This little power strip is compact and enables you to keep ONE adapter on the end of it to plug into the funky wall plug and then use your "normal" plugs for operating four devices. Most Monster products are terribly overpriced and not worth the money (wires, cables, etc.) but this gizmo rocks
The tapes are exactly what I had searched the web for.  Thanks to Amaxon.com for listing the seler
The Sony STR-DG600 7.1 has worked as expected and is a high-quality system at a great price
I used to buy those cheap $[...] red laser pointers at gun shows and flea markets, just to have some fun, but the batteries didn't last long enough and the beam wasn't bright at all, not to mention that it made more of an oval dot than round.  I bought this one thinking that it would be really cool because it was green.  I thought the high price tag was pushing it just for a little green dot, but it is much more than I thought it would be.  The beam is clearly visible in the dark and you can even see the dot on the blackest street in the middle of a sunny day.  The range is incredible and makes street signs reflect hreen shimmers!  I love it!  A much better buy than those crappy red ones, and the AAA batteries are easy to replace and last much longer
These ear buds provide a VERY good fit.  They block out a lot of external noise.  Much better than my previous ear buds.  The sound is clear with good bass.  Definitely worth the price
We used this remote to program a Sony AV-RM3000 remote, but we need more flexibility for our HTPC.  In hindsight, we should have bought a stand-alone IR unit and something like the Girder software.  Or, maybe just an IR wireless keyboard.
This is not a remote for those seeking flexibility, or those who like to customize their media experience.  This is an excellent remote for those who want out-of-the-box usability, and don't want to bother with customization.  It's well-built, and will be exactly what many mainstream users are looking for.
Pros:  Comfortable shape, sensible layout, high-quality feel, reasonably compatible with many programs
Cons:  Doesn't do absolutely everything in every compatible application, only four somewhat-programmable keys with limited option
This Salamander Designs rack is very well made and looks great.  It takes a few hours to assemble, but the result is nicer than most home theater furniture out there.  Unfortunately, Amazon's shipping (via UPS) didn't go so well and the outer box arrived in very bad shape.  I was hoping that the inner box would protect the item, but, alas, one of the two doors was damaged.  I'm now trying to get Amazon to replace the door, but they can only exchange the whole unit.  The shipping box is completely destroyed, so I've been forced to contact the manufacturer directly.  Crossing my fingers..
This TV/Monitor rocks!!  
I've been looking for a combo computer monitor and TV that I could use in my office. This LCD does both very well. I'm writing this review with the LNS4696D installed and everything on the screen is very large (what I wanted) even at 1600x1200 and the resolution is far better than I expected!! (hint: sharpen the image and set high energy saving mode)
Also at an awesome price. I am going to buy another one just to keep in case the one I have needs to be replaced
Are they the best no.. Do they impress people who havent hear them before YES!! To me thats the best compliment, they are much more objective listeners
with no preconcived notions. All I ever hear is " Those speakers sound so Good" " I love those cool little speakers" etc. I've played everything from Bach to Dio and they sound very realistic. Subwoofer placement is key to having the proper bass level. At [...] they are a steal.. I paid [...]in 1991 and listen to them everyday they still sound like they did when new.
Outstanding product!  Keeps the laptop cool plus the added benefit of having 4 USB ports
I bought this cooling fan because my computer was shutting off on its own, and the problem seemed to be that the computer was overheating.  While this product hasn't "cured" my computer, the performance of my computer has definitely improved with the use of the cooling fan.  The extra USB ports are convenient as well.  I would definitely recommend this product to anyone who has a laptop and wants to keep it from overheating
I am new to this type of device, but it has performed as expected
This is a great radio for sailboats and other boats that do not have a 12v power supply
I bought this because I needed good phones without the extra bulk.  They're really lightweight, but not flimsy.  They have very good sound quality.  I really like the volume control on the headphones themselves. It gives me the extra level of control.  All in all, a really good bang for your buck
Jensen JM10 Anonymous Review I love these headphones!! The easy access volume control is right where I need it and I can turn it ON and OFF whenever I need to. They are a great value! The headphones stay where they are supposed to and fit my head great. The sound quality is clear and crisp. The single cord attached makes it feel as if your not wearing headphones at all. I would recommend it to all my friends
This card worked out of the box on my Linux, Ubuntu 6.10 based system. This Belkin card--at least the version I have-- is based on the Atheros chip set
After reading other reviews i was skeptical of purchasing the dioshield for my IPOD. I had read a lot about how it interefered with the USB cable or the hold switch.  But I couldn't argue with the price.
I must say that this product it actualy one of the best aftermarket IPOD products I have puchased.  It does exactly what it is supposed to do, Protect My Ipod. I have no trouble opperating any of the IPOD's  buttons and I simply remove the case when I charge the unit.  I have not found that it impairs the functionality of the IPOD at all while keeping it securely around my neck.  It is perfect for Jogging weight training and other outdoor activitites.  I find it much less cumbersome than the armband or belt clip units as it does not impede my range of motion.
Ultimately it perfectly protects my IPOD when I am out and about which is what it was designed to do.
The reasons I gave it 4 and not 5 stars was the laniard feels a little short not much but a little. and I whished they had mounted the IPOD right side up like they did on the nano model.
Over all I am well please
For the price, these speakers are well worth the cost. Of course, in my opinion, anything that dosnt say "Creative" on it is usually worth the price. Not a lot of bass, but with the bass boost, these speakers sound real nice. Only bad thing I'll say is that M-Audio's tech department is really bad. Emailed them about a week ago inquiring about driver updates for Vista, still no answer. (my inquiry was about a different m-audio product)
The six commonly used power tips provide flexibility with this product.  I purchased this to use as an interface between a CD Walkman player and the AC power cord.  The heads have specific polarity; so it is possible to attach the heads incorrectly.  However, if you pay attention to the plus and minus hookups as indicated, it's not too difficult to make the attachment correctly the first time.  I found the product to work effectively.  The only negative I can see is that the actual plug-in device is a bit bulky; so if you want to use this in a power strip setting, the AH3WH can be a bit of a plug hog.  However, other than that limitation, the product was reliable.  Recommended to save on those batteries which do add up
I have been putting this television through its paces since I got it a few weeks ago, and it is by far the best TV I have ever owned, and very difficult to beat.  The image quality is really good, with bright, vivid colors and wonderful detail, especially for 1080i/p content, but even lower-resolution 720p content, which is what's more commonly-available on OTA HD broadcast, looks phenomenal.  I also have an Apple TV hooked up to it, and even though most of my content is encoded at either 360p, 480p, or 720p, it still looks quite good.
It does take some time to get the image tuned to perfection, and the default settings are way too bright with too much color saturation boost, and the DNIe processing system actually seems to make some motion effects worse.  However, it's very easy to change the settings and see immediately what effect they have.
Like all LCDs it does have some slight black point problems; these aren't noticeable for fullscreen 16:9 content, but for older 4:3 content it's pretty obvious that the black isn't pure black.  However, this is again tunable.
The only thing I really notice which is pretty annoying is that it doesn't do a very good job of upscaling 480i content, such as the output from most video game systems, and for DVDs to look good you really need an upconverting player since even with a progressive-scan player there is a lot of visible pixelation when the 480p content is scaled up.  It's really more a sad reflection on how the previous "next-generation" video looks downright primitive by today's standards.
The other noticeable issue is that unlike many televisions with digital tuners, it doesn't have an on-screen program guide.  My previous TV (also a Samsung) had an on-screen program guide, but it was rather cumbersome to use and took several minutes of scanning every channel to see what was on, and most local channels are pretty inconsistent about providing the EPG information anyway, so it's not really that big of a deal.  You can still see the detailed information for the program that's currently showing, so it makes use of EPG, just not as much as it could.
This television's tuner is also quite phenomenal.  My previous TV required a very carefully-positioned powered antenna which was very sensitive to every little nearby fluctuation, while with this one I only have a piece of wire jammed into the antenna port and I get perfect reception of every local digital station.
Another nice improvement over Samsung's older HDTVs is that it has a wide variety of zoom modes which allow you to counteract some of the stupider things that TV stations do (for example, pillboxing a letterboxed 16:9 show, which is very common for widescreen non-HD programming).  Also, analog TV stations and source inputs get their audio signals upconverted to digital, so you only need to run a single optical audio connection to your stereo (while previous Samsungs required running both analog and digital cables and switching between the two inputs based on source material).
As a PC monitor this is also quite nice.  I have a Mac mini hooked up via SVGA cable, and even with an analog signal it looks perfectly sharp and crystal-clear, and of course you can hook it up via HDMI (with a DVI to HDMI adaptor) as well.  The only gripe there is that the supported resolutions are a bit quaint - at least on analog SVGA the only 16:9 resolution it supports is 1920x1080, which can be difficult for some older systems to handle.  However, on HDMI it should support all the standard HD resolutions.
This television may be more expensive than others in its size class, but it also far outshines every other TV I have seen, aside from the newer LN-T4065, which is nearly identical aside from providing a higher dynamic contrast ratio.  If you want to only buy one TV which will last for a long time, it would be hard to go wrong with this one
NOTE: this product will only work on walls with wood studs.  No metal studs.
See the sanus website for installation manual and more details
The carry case does the job of holding my Walkman and therefore I say it is worth the money.  However I have found for my smaller arm it is hard to get it wrapped around in a steady position, but with some effort it does.  Overall I am happy with the purchase
I just added this to my Onkyo HTIB system and it's made all the difference in the world. I'm a bit of an audiophile (on a reasonable budget), with four subwoofers scattered throughout the rooms in my house and one 10" Polk in my truck. I'm most satisfied with the Polk subwoofers for their tightness and ability to pound low frequencies without turning the sound into a boomy mess. I listen to a lot of music with double-bass drumming and thought that this PSW12 would have a tough time keeping up with the quickness of the 10" sub I like so much. Not the case. What I get is very quick bass with that ground-shaking impact that I always look for.
I'm still going easy on 'er for the break-in period, but I can say that the trailer for Kingdom of Heaven (included on the Blu-Ray disc) sounds absolutely stunning. Paired with my 57" Sony HDTV, trips to the movie theater are few and far between these days. Now is a great time to pick up one of these, since the price seems to have recently dropped by about $50 throughout the web.
Unbeatable sub for the money!
I use this subwoofer to augment my 7.1 system. It was easy to install, gives excellent response, and I couldn't be more pleased.
The only thing I don't like about it, is the scanning area is upside down where most scanners you open the lid and put your photo or document close to you this scanner you have to put it all the way to the back of the scanner so you have to open the lid all the way. Also the film tray shows on some of my documents as well you would think they would give you something to cover the film tray when not in use. I did like the way XP found this scanner right away with no disks or software. I have a cannon scanner I just got a few months ago but it is limited because it is not compatible with XP with out cannons software, The cannon was so bad that I purchased this one all in all I like it does a great job glad they still make just scanners for people who use laser printers
I liked options and text edit. I really liked the ability to scan into Micsoft Word
This is one of the best products I have spent my money on. This speakers 'speak' well and you will be amazed at how well they sound for that kind of size.
Also, the buying experience from Amazon was excellent. I got mine deleivered in about 2 days.
Will recommend product for anyone else
You can count on every Monster Cable made. It's worth the extra money over the cheap ones. The gauge of the wire is thicker and the ends are made of better material
I'm a fanatic for duplexing since I move a LOT of paper around, sometimes amounts which I have to carry to court or mail and which weigh several pounds.  The Brother is one of the better machines for the price that handles duplexing well, maybe even the best.  
This particular machine has wireless G built-in, but it costs over $100 more than the same machine without wireless, and for well over $100, you can probably manage to do the same thing cheaper, maybe even better, and for my office, wireless is inappropriate.  (It also should be stated that if you go outside Briother itself, then the wireless combo IS cost-effective.  Brother essentially competes here only with itself.)  
That said, it makes for an elegant solution in the home if you have any sort of barrier to wiring and would like a single piece of equipment to handle everyone's printing if several of you are running off of a wireless router.  There are a bevy of bonuses if this machine is otherwise appropriate for you.  It's a complete standalone fax/copier if someone in the house doesn't even have any computer at all.  I'm a long-time Brother customer, and they've made operation more intuitive for both computer users and standalone.  There were a few bugs in earlier machines by Brother (comparable but older machines I've owned, like the 8500 and the 9700) such as faulty out-of-toner warnings, and all of these seem to have been worked out.  This machine is clearly out of beta.  
Earlier machines were difficult (though not impossible) to set up and use advanced functions without using your manual, and this machine is far better on that aspect as well.  You can have faxes arrive two-sided, which doubles your paper tray effectively, and you can scan or fax a two-sided document just by feeding it in and possibly altering a setting.  This last is made possible by the physical arrangement and just as much by the aforementioned ease-of-use - you wouldn't use the feature much if you had to do major messing around with menus just send out a two-sided page.  
Unfortunately, the one bane of all printers which is slightly worse with the Brothers is the "ink" aspect.  Unlike some competitors, you have to replace a toner AND a drum, and at differing intervals. I assume they do this to keep the costs low, but the costs still aren't particularly low.  The non-wireless version of the basic machine sells for a little over $400, and there is no problem spending that much for just a couple of drums and a few toners.  I don't understand why printers of all sorts cannot just have a "gas tank" you could fill with cheap ink and then just add paper, but in most instances, the consumables are the tail wagging the dog in terms of buying a printer.   The Brother is a superbly-functioning modern machine at a great price, but don't imagine the price ends when you buy it.  This is true of all printers, however, and the news with most printers is worse than here
I can't say enough about the Tivoli AM/FM radio!  It has superior sound and i love the design of the case as well.  Some folks might be hesistant to spend over $100 for a radio ... trust me - it is well worth it.  My girlfriend's parents have had an older version of this radio for over 30 years - still sounds great
I would encourage ANYONE in the market for a shredder to first identify WHERE the machine is to be placed! If you want something "cute" and compact, then, keep looking. This SB-97Cs is a work horse, in every sense of the word. Consequently, it may not appeal to one's feminine traits. Although the size can be a bit formidable for home use, it's power and relatively quiet operation set the standard for all others. I was surprised at just how quiet it was! The controls are easy to master, and the safety features are good to have for the occasional inquisitve child. Having had a lessor (un-named) shredder, I knew that my shredding needs were beyond the waste-paper-basket sized machines for less money. Being one who regularly shreds credit card "bait" checks, and other sensitve info that accumulates through the years, this SB-97Cs shredder was a must have. I doubt that I'll outgrow this machine. I've had this shredder for only a couple of months now, and I expect to have it for many years to come. It IS NECESSARY to oil the cutters after each full basket, though. If you are the disciplined and conscientious type, this is not a problem. However, I can see the lifespan of this machine being cut short by the negligent types who don't read instructions..
Simple, but does what it's supposed to.  Allows you to connect the audio output of a laptop/PC/iPod, etc., to the audio input on your TV.
This product has worked great with my 2Wire Gateway modem from AT&T Yahoo.
The real plus has been the USB connection so its not necessary to take off the desktop's back panel. 
The connection has been good, and I set it up in minutes.
I tend to think that people who are having connection problems have a problem with their router, and not this device.  I can see 50%+ networks from all over my neighborhood
This printer does an excellent job. The colors are vivid and the clarity is 
very crisp. The only negative is you are restricted to the canon paper with end tabs. Good value for a compact snap shot printer
Switch was simple to install to my existing network, just plug and go. I used this switch to separate some CPUs off of the 100mb network and put them on the gig highway. Worked just as planned and was seamless. I actually added two of these and saved big jack over a 16 port gig switch. Network speed and response time increased even for those CPUs w/out a gig nic. I like the idea of having a switch with capacity that far exceeds network traffic. Highly recommend
these cases are amazing!!  i love them!!  if i ever need to replace one of my dvds i always buy Memorex DVD Storage Cases.  there the next best thing, i think to the ones that come orignal with my store bought dvds.
thanks Memorex!
This is the only type of speaker cable i use to connect my state of the  art sound system
While the two fans I ordered for a new computer build are functioning properly, they are not as advertised on Amazon's website.  According to the specs on the site, they have a double ball-bearing design which last longer than normal fans. Be warned, these are NOT the Antec double ball-bearing fans, but the less expensive ones.  Have contacted Amazon and hope they update the specs to reflect these accurately
this radar/laser detector is very good detects the police radar
and the best is do not  false signals
It does everything promised but takes several hours of going over the instructions to figure out how to program some of the features.  Instructions hard to locate in booklet
I took my MP3 player into the store with me to check out earbuds.
Eveyone I tried was terrible; so I ended up buying online.
I read all the reviews, especially Amazon reviews; because the people know what they are talking about.
I have bought 5 pair altogether for friends, and they love these buds too.
The music I listen to ranges from Tupac to Vivaldi, and everything in between. My MP3 player has 9 EQ settings; I keep it on new age most of the time. 
The price is right, and the sound is the best.
A lot of TV for little money.  Great picture, and the refresh rate is fast enough to prevent most of the blurring that you tend to see on low end LCD's.  Initial setup can be tricky because Olevia chose to include a CD version of the operators manual, though you can print a paper version from the CD or Olevia website.  Better than average sound, but the side speakers add a bit to the overall width.  After tweaking the factory settings we achieved a nice color balance without any of the black level problems that plague many LCD's.  If you're using it in a bedroom you'll most likely be annoyed by the very bright on/off light on the front panel.  Rear panel connections are intuitive and easily accessible, and wall-hanging was a breeze.  Looked at many LCD televisions and there are better choices for sure, but it's hard to beat the performance of this set at the low price. Highly satisfied! 
I had great hope for this product.  It has, mostly, so far, lived up to my expectations.  Here are some caveats...
I was hoping for the ability to set up music catagories...easy listening, dinner music, light jazz...etc.  You have to "cheat" to do this, and using the manual is daunting.  Instead of using the "Artist" as artist, I used it as a catagory code, ie making one artist light jazz, etc.  This works, but you do, of course lose the artist registration ability.
So now, I can select "artist" "Dinner Music" and then "All Discs" and "Shuffle", and the unit will play a track from one "Dinner Music" CD then shuffle to another track on another "Dinner Music" CD, etc, making a delightful, mix of music that never is repeated exactly the same way.
I am still in the loading phase of coexistance with this machine, so longetivty, and flawlessness are not being reviewed here.  That remains to be seen.
The manual is purely awfull.  Just dig in and try things.  That's the only way to get a handle on things.  Hope this helps....good luck!
This is a very nice TV for the money. Great picture and with the built in DVD player that plays CD's I was able to remove a big old CRT TV, DVD player and stereo from the bedroom. I'm happy with my choice
I gave this 5 stars only because it serves its purpose well. It's just a basic mouse pad, but the price is excellent!!
I received this printer a few days ago and I am very impressed. 4 X 6 photos look awesome as if I had Walmart print them and the speed is very fast. I hook it up to my Airport Extreme Base Station (I use a Powerbook) and print wirelessly and had no problems at all. Scanner is a tad bit noisy but a lot quieter than my old HP All in one printer that just kicked the bucket.
The software is easy to use and understand. I never read the directions and I was scanning in pictures with in minutes. I also like the LCD display on the printer. Its nice to just "pop" in a memory card, and view the photos you want to print. It saves time when you don't have to download them to the computer then print them.
Overall I am vey pleased and I did my search on this printer and all of the reviews were very good. I was torn between Canon (I actually bought a Canon Pixma and returned it) and HP and I am glad I stuck with HP, always a trusted brand. And the price was about $40.00 dollars cheaper than any electronics store around.
Pros:
Excellent picture qualty
Fast printing
Easy setup
A lot of features
Easy to use and understand functions
Cons:
Scanner a litte noisy (quieter than my old HP)
When printing the printer shakes my table (old HP did the same)
I guess it is a little on the large side, but it doesn't bother m
I have just up-graded to a 40" HD samsung 1080p TV so I had to replace my 2 yr old onkyo 601 "great receiver" with this 674 model mainly for the HDMI switching capabilities, set-up was a little tricky but after an hour I was ready to try the audyssey set up mic. which was very straight forward & accurate Boy was I blown away. This thing has such clarity & separation I couldn't believe the difference over my older onk.rec.I have direct TV hd-dvr & Panasonic 1080i DVD player via HDMI through receiver, don't waste your money on those over priced monster cables, all of mine are 15-20 bucks from amazon. I am so pleased with my purchase I also feel this is a great value 599.00 I know their is not a better receiver out there at this price or even for 200.00 more. I would highly recommend this as the backbone to any quality home theater system. I read another review that expressed that you couldn't turn it up past 60,that is false I can crank mine up to max with with vertually no distortion
I recently purchased the Pacific Breeze Laptop Cooler and so far am very impressed with it.  Now this review should be taken with a grain of salt, because I have only had the cooler for a few weeks, but I feel that the results were evident immediately and the build does seem adequate.  The reason that I was in search of a cooler was due to my dangerously hot hard drive temps.  I installed Notebook Hardware Control (free temperature and power control utility) after feeling how hot my new notebook was getting and saw temps as high as 55C at my hard drive!  Worried about how this would affect the hard drive's longevity, I started looking around at coolers.
I choose this cooler after reviewing several of the "mat" variety, but chose this one because of its design.  As the previous reviewers have already mentioned, this cooler elevates the notebook from the rear and blows air under the notebook.  This allows the CPU fan intake and hard drive to receive plenty of fresh air.
After setting this cooler up, I was feeling pretty good about the purchase.  Qualitatively, the results are evident by a cooler notebook top and keypad, and the feel of air exiting the sides of the notebook.  Quantitatively, the notebook experienced a 5C temperature drop at my HD and at my CPU.  Now my hard drive is running at 40C-45C instead of 45-50C!
I would definitely recommend this product
Unlike the first reviewer my experience with Trigger Finer has been a good one. At first it took me awhile to figure out how to get the device to control the drums in Impulse (Ableton Live) once I realized that each pad had to be set in order to have each tone mapped it was a breeeze. I suspect that maybe the first reviewer as well as any midi newbie might have difficulty in that respects since it is not plug in play as M Audio states....it is program and play, however once you get it programmed correctly it is effortless. The htinkg is it is soo expandable and programmable it may be to its own detriment especaiily for peolle who are not fimiliar with mapping out midi controllers
I just love the color, the stile  and the price.
It is a perfect player.
     Thank you.
for the money, I got a good quality product. My purchase experience was good, and product was received in a timely manner
I bought this cable half minded reading the other reviews and i was bit worried whether it will work. When i hooked up the cable between my laptop and TV, wow.... this is really worth a buy.
We received this item very quickly.  It was exactly what we ordere
Umm. This is ink. Not much to say other than it works fine with my Epson R320 Printer
We looked at many TV stands to go with the Sony TV we were buying.  Only a few were worth considering, but finally decided to go with the Sony unit designed for our specific TV.  Am I glad we did!  It has hold downs to secure the TV and the cable straps at the rear are easy to use and make the installation clean and clear.  Very nicely designed, along with being good looking
Great joystick! I didn't think I could find any better than my Sidewinder, but I was wrong! Very configurable and smooth
This memory card works great with my 15" PowerMac laptop.  I've had a noticeable increase in speed with no hitches. 
No problem whatsoever with this product.  It was delivered in a timely manner and worked perfectly
I've never tried verbatim media, since there were 5inch computer floppy disc (circa 1983-85).  I pleased to find that verbatim still makes a quality product
I've seen others coaster from day 1 and I've seen others coaster after day 60 (after an actual succesfull write!) but these are absolutely awesome. Highly reliable ... long-term
Wow, I'm surprised by the reviews made here about this product. Despite the bad reviews, I bought it anyway.  I still believe in a Motorola.  Guess what?  Not bad.  I bought this phone set and 4 of its satellites to replace my Siemens.  The Siemens was the best phone when it first came out about 5 years ago.  This Moto phone has the features most people will ever need.  The shared phonebook is very valuable.  A loud speakerphone on each handset is priceless.  Incoming and outgoing sound quality is excellent.  I don't understand why there are several reviews here stating the phone has bad sound quality.  Ok, the range is not as good as my 2.4ghz phone but it is not bad for someone with an average size home.  After about 75 meters with 3 walls in between, I can start to hear the voice I'm speaking to, crackles.  I just did this for test but I can get clear voice anywhere in my 4 bedroom house.  I am running a 2ghz wi-fi and do not hear any interference. With regard to the phonebook, I wish I can enter more characters each address!  The maximum characters I can enter is only 11.  I think I can enter about 20 on my Siemens.  Another minor quirk is when someone called, I could just lift the phone off its charging base and start talking to the other party.  Not with this phone.  I still have to press the "flash" bottom everytime before I can start talking.  Build quality is excellent.  It is a little on the heavy side which I like probably because it uses 4 rechargeable batteries and made of thick plastic.  Even if I squeeze the handset hard, I didn't hear that plasticky noise and feeling of the plastic warping.  I tried the Pana, V-Tech, Uniden, GE, and ATT in a local store and the Motorola is tops. You will not see a rubbery wiggly buttons here.  I personally think this is the best phone among the few remaining brands around.  If you do not see it that way, it must be a quality defect that can happen on any product.
I'm so happy with these speakers. For the price, the sound is utterly amazing. I have a good moderately priced system, and these speakers really make it special. No one can believe the crystal highs or the big bass coming from such  humble-looking speakers
This radio has excellent features for someone who is either new to shortwave radio or just wanting a simple, user-friendly set of controls.  Also perfect for those that like analogue-style controls that would be encountered on older radios.  I have the S-350, the model that the S-350DL replaces.  For general world band programme listening, this radio is fantastic.  Outstanding speaker.  Easy to read digital display includes backlight.  Includes attenuator.  Clock can be set to 24 hour time.  Easy to carry anywhere.  Robust antenna.  Does not support SSB tuning, which you would need to tune in Ham radio.  Same radio sold under Tescun name in other parts of the world
I don't know what was wrong w/ the other reviewers machine, but let me assure you, this is NOT an inferior product. I got it on Clearance @ Target for $69.98. I have been looking for a long time for a good portable DVD player. I have used it and had NO problems with it whatsoever. Plus if anything does happen in the first 90 it is fully returnable to Target. Good Deal all around. Highly reccomended.
Below is my experience with this product after owning it for 2 weeks.
Pros:
-----
1. Amazing sound especially when watching DVD movies
2. Very good progessive scan DVD picture quality
3. Simple, compact and all-in-one design
4. Remote control can work with various TV's, Cable boxes and VCR's
5. Can play both NTSC and PAL DVD's
Cons:
-----
1. Expensive
2. No HDMI output
3. Non-intuative remote control
4. No headphone jack
Overall, I love and chose the Bose 321 because of the sound quality and compact design. I got this system because I wanted a compact all-in-one media center and I was not interested in getting a HTIB with 5 speakers. I looked at Denon (2 products), Sony and Samsung.
I use this on my 23" Samsung LCD TV using Monster component video cables and while I would have preferred to take advatange of its HDMI capabilties, the reality is that I am very happy with this image quality. Movies such as Lord of the Rings, The Matrix and Hero look and sound fantastic. Prior to this I was looking at the Sony DAV-X1 which is much cheaper and more feature-rich. However the internal turmoils between their consumer electronics and media divisons convince me this would not work for me. For example, my PAL DVDs cannot be played on the Sony whereas on the Bose it was no problem. I am of the opinion that Sony is a directionless company and this is reflected in their products.
To be fair you do need to have the right kind of room to take advantage of their TrueSpace 2.1 surround sound feature. My couch is up against the wall with the media center located 12 ft in front of me. According to Bose the speakers should ideally be 3 feet away from the TV. Sometimes TrueSpace works and sometimes I can't hear it. I believe this is true among all the other competitors in this market line and that neither one stands out ahead of the other. If surround sound is really that important to you, then you should get a 5.1 system. This product is perfect for a small room as it takes advantage of the echos of the room where it can fake a 3D sound and would probably not be ideal for a family size rec-room.
The audio quality from music CD's is very good and while I wish this had an iPod port as found on the Denon, I am very content using the Aux port
     My [...] girl and [...] boy both love their players. The [...]really likes the Sonic games and the ability to connect it to the TV. On a TV the 8 bit graphics are jagged but he does not care and the games are playable. The builtin screens are a little low in resolution if you look closely but cartoons look good and the kids have not noticed anything. 
     The players have a nice lock feature to disable the controls so that the movie is not accidentally stopped. They have both dropped the players serveral times and they both continue to work well. The only problem is that the [...] had figured out how to remove the battery pack. She does this at times then gets upset the movie stopped.
     The players come with everything, AC and auto adapters, a remote control, earphones, built-in stand, battery pack and the wires to play the movies and the games directly on an a TV with RCA jacks
This product is good. I haven't seen any issues with this so far...
Mouse is comfortable to use, and I haven't had any problems with it so far.  I did have some difficulty hooking it up to my computer, but once I figured out the problem it was all smooth sailing from there.  It is my first wireless mouse, so I have nothing else to compare it to, but i definitely like it a lot better than my old mouse. 
I needed this cable to use with my Garmin Rino 120 because my new laptop didn't have a serial adapter. My first try was to use a similiar product from Radio Shack, but I found the Radio Shack product was very confusing to use and was unstable.  I ordered the CP Technologie product from Amazon and it worked great! Also, the CP Tech product was less than half the cost of the Radio Shack product (including shipping)
I tried many other adapters and this was the only one that worked for my PDA
This Wall Mount works and hold's great. I used it for an Olevia 542I LCD Flat Panel and have had no problems. The instructions are not all that clear, but it is not hard to figure out how to instal
I wanted a simple printer so I could print a few prints from time to time to hand out. On sale for $50, this seemed like the right one. 
I already had the included Zoombrowser and Photo Stitch software installed from my prior purchase of a Canon A95 camera, so I just needed to install the driver. Note this requires a USB cable (not included) to the printer.
As is human nature, I tried to print without reading the Zoombrowser instructions, and got a lovely plain sky-blue print with the words "My Album" on it - but no photo :-) Then, out came a stunning second print which was totally blank but with some faint horizontal lines - this was from a residual click from my first attempt. Ok, Ok, so I looked at the PDF printing guide for about 15 seconds, and followed the instructions.
Got a beautiful first print of the Queen Mary ship. Got a gorgeous second print of flags (red/white/blue, and green) againt a clear blue sky, and the third print was very nice of a field of flowers near Mt Lassen (ironically the original proof print of this from 20 years ago was scanned onto my computer just today to get rid of paper prints...)
So, I've blown through the provided "trial" 5 sheets of paper and film cartridge, and have 3 very nice prints (with postcard address lines, stamp area and Canon logo on the back - the paper comes that way.) The ends of the paper remain white but have perforations about 1/2 inch from the end so you can remove them after printing.
I can't compare the printing software to any other brand, but setting up a plain photo-only print takes about 10 seconds of menu choices. If you want to add backgounds, titles/text, etc, that is available as well. (Got another pack of paper/film, and put humorous captions on kind of funny-bad office Christmas pix...)
Printing directly from my A95 takes about the same time as from the computer - about 1 min 45 sec.
The actual operation involves the paper being passed in and out of the printer 4 times (3 color passes and a protective layer) so it is important the back of the printer is not obstructed, particularly by the power cord which hangs down near the edge of the slot. The finished print is deposited on top of the paper cassette in front.  
The unit looks and feels substantial for its small size, comes well packed (survived NY to CA shipping), has decent documentation, and a 1-year warranty.
Every house should have a Grundig S350 Deluxe. Big, brawny, "grabbing" in all the hard-to-get stations with ease, championing a big antenna that says this radio means serious business, the Grundig S350 Deluxe version, is a bigger, better version of the old Grundig S350, eliminating some of the "drift" problems of the earlier model. The speaker on the Deluxe is bigger and brighter. Whereas your fancy digital preset radios often sound like tin, the Grundig S350 DL has depth. Is it a perfect radio? No. You don't have presets in spite of the digital read-out. You get a little AM overload. Here in Los Angeles I get overload on 1150 so that I'm listening to two shows at once. Also the cheaper (and cheaper built) GE Superradio boasts an internal AM ferrite antenna twice the size and as a result gets slightly better AM.
If you're looking for a radio with similar features as the Grundig S350 DL but erases its weakness--no presets and AM overload, then you might want to check out the Grundig G4000A. It's the same price as the S350 and its speaker is surprisingly good for a digital preset shortwave radio. Or you might look at the stunning Kaito 1103 or its more expensive cousin the Eton E5. But even if you get a fancy preset radio, every house should have the big easy-to-use Grundig S350 Deluxe.
Update: Comparing the S350 to the same-priced G4000 for several months, it becomes clear that the G4000 is a better buy: superior AM, superior separation of AM stations, presets, same warm speaker, and smaller.
These folks continue to amaze me with their advancement of the state of the art in memory, and Amazon purchase and delivery is so dependable it's like money in the bank.  I hope no one comes in and tries to "improve" things.
I must admit I read many other reviews of this item and was a little apprehensive, however... .  I found this recorder to be outstanding in all the items I've tried so far. I initially just hooked it up like my old one was and left it for a few hours after manually setting the time (before reading the instructions) . This made things more difficult so I started over, set it for everything to be automatic, including the time, left it until the next evening and allowed it to do its' thing - which it did magnificently. EVERYTHING worked beautifully and it did a great job. I LOVE the one-touch recording. I found it's best to read directions one at a time as I want to try something new and have had no problems. So far I haven't tried everything it will do but find it's very intuitive and not a bit frustrating to use. It's a joy to hit the TVGuide button, highlight the shows I want to watch and hit the record button. So far I have no complaints
Great new product!  Easy to use and turns my audio ipod into a portable media player.  I can even use it to record my favorite tv shows.  I highly recommend this product
For this price these are a steal! Purchased mine for $15 (with shipping) and let me tell you, it was worth it! The headphones come with a 1/4 converter too! So you can use them for cd players and amps! The sound quality is good, and the headphones don't hurt half as much as other ones after wearing for several hours. These are an amazing deal for the price, I'm honestly surprised these arn't marked for $50. Don't pass these up if your looking for decent quality headphones
I live in an apartment building and play ( well, practice is a better word ) the bass guitar and needed headphones so I wouldn't bother neighbors or my wife whom sleeps and watchs TV about 6 feet from where I sit and play.
The 10 foot long cord was perfect for distance for sitting or standing and moving around while playing, so I wouldn't have to use an extention cable ( and usualy end up with feedback/distortion associated to an unshielded connector in an extention cable)
The volume control on each earpiece lets me adjust the volume so I don't have to mess with my amp or guitar volume settings I like to use when not using headphones.  Makes it real nice too when using an instructional CD or DVD i can turn the bass sound off in one ear to hear the instructions clearly witout needing to seriously skew the headphones off my head.
Very light weight.  Some headphones can weight the head down making you feel like one of them 'bobble heads'.  Fits firmly on the head without any pinching or binding anywere.  
Cord enters headphones on the left ear side, so you don't have to deal with the classic 'Y' split cord.  Easy to flip to the side or drape over the back out of the way.
Earpices fit nicly over my ears (no pinching, gouging or squishing with plenty of clearance around the ear) and does a very nice job blocking out noise ( when my wife is awake she watchs the TV, rather loudly, which is right next to me and I bairly notice it). Plenty of padding around the ear pieces.   Many headphones inside near the ear has hard plastic between the ear and speaker which usualy digs into the ear, but these headphones I honestly don't feel anything against my ears.  Even after several hours of use each night.
Sound quality.  Bose or pioneer they are not, but then if you wanted such high quality you wouldn't be shopping in the $20 and under headphones :)
That being said they are very good for sound.  Sounded very good on a portable CD player.
Only drawbacks I can see is that a person with large/tall ears won't get thier ears covered by the earpads.  The inside opening of the earpads is aprox 2 1/4 inchs tall by 1 3/4.  IMO they could have been made bigger.
Also, if you have a tall head ( good distance from top of head to ear ) you may find fully extended the headphones might not reach your ears.
I have a head like Drew Carry ( give you an idea head size/shape I'm talking about) and if the extension to each earpiece would have been any shorter they wouldn't have fit.
I wear glasses as well by the way and the headphones don't interfere, bind, pinch or anything like that with my glasses.
So, I highly recomend them if low cost headphones is what you are after( I don't recomend things often :) )
   
when i opened my package i was a little disappoined with this product but after using it for a while i learned to like it. it is easy to use the front controls with the inno but akward to turn on and off. overall a nice case. shoped around and found amazon had best price with free shipping. received in about one week
Still embarking on spooling off all the Hi-8 tapes I have, but I've been VERY satisfied with the Plextor unit so far.  First thing I did was to spool one Hi-8 tape and then make a DVD, using the functionality of the bundled WinDVD Creator software.  Good news: it worked, and a few hours after I started, I was watching the DVD I created, on my bedroom DVD player.  Bad news: the software is full of minor and sometimes more than minor annoyances.  It may be that I'm still climbing the learning curve with it, but I think it's just not very good.  I'm looking into other solutions, such as Pinnacle, Adobe Premiere Elements, etc.  Meanwhile, I keep spooling.
I haven't yet tried the TV capture in any depth.  It looked like it worked, but again, with some annoyances on the software side.  Plextor could improve this offering vastly with the addition of some better bundled software
I bought these for some Sony surround sound speakers, although I was initially concerned about the choice because they are made from what is(essentially) plastic.  However, they turned out to be very sturdy, and easy to install.  I also have to commend the mannufacturer for including very detailed instructions as well as a large selection of mounting hardware.  Well worth the price
Popped it in, works like a charm. Hardest part is opening the packaging, but other than that no worries
"My husband and I bought this for our new home and we're both thrilled!  He loves that it holds our new TV and stereo system, and I love the way it looks. It's extremely sturdy and he was able to put it together in less than a couple of hours. We're so glad we found something we could both agree on!  What a great piece of furniture!
They are good for the price. They have a very good sound quality, or at least better than the ones that came with my Sony Walkman DEJ001. The only problem I had is when I connected them to my older Philips player, it had a low volume output. And then again, even on the Sony player, I had to have the volume at 7, and it only goes to 9. If you have a high output player or a computer, these will be great, but if your using them for a low output or old device, these probably won't cut the cheese
Easy to mount on the wall. Though this item came with hardware with different sizes, I still had to buy some hardware with different length than what they supplied. This mount perfectly suited for my 46" Sony LCD flat panel. In about 30 min, I could mount TV on this bracket.
seems to be good quality. has a strong rubber scent, and no cutouts for the 4 small buttons though
The reviewer below identifying himself as "An Electronics Fan" obviously has a deep bias against Bose.  His multiple reviews about Bose products--here and elsewhere--are transparently motivated by some animus against Bose.  Was he fired by Bose? Did a member of the Bose family reject his romantic advances?  Did a Bose executive accidentally run over his cat?  Did he drop a Bose speaker on his foot and hurt his toe? The true motivation for this guy's negative reviews would be fun to know.  In the meantime, what we do know is that he has no credibility, and his reviews (two here, others elsewhere for other Bose products; he's made maligning Bose his life's work, apparently)) should disregarded.
I bought a set of black 301's several years ago to go with my Onkyo receiver.  We have it hooked up to a television and DVD player for movies.  These speakers are in constant use both for the DVD and for music of all types.  The room in which they are placed is huge, with an 18 foot-high flat ceiling.  The speakers saturate the room with exquisite sound day after day. The speakers work fine for spoken audio for DVD's; we can hear dialogue perfectly; I feel no particular need for a surround-sound system. Several times my young daughters have turned on the 100 watt amp with the volume turned all the way up or close thereto. I feared a ruptured speaker cone, but the 301's are very forgiving, no damage has been done. The cats sleep on the speakers; they clean right up and still look new after five years.  These speakers keep on giving total satisfaction, and I quite simply love them.
About three years ago I decided to go all out in another room and bought the highest quality stereo stuff on the market, or at least what I determined to be best after a lot of research. This included a set of the gold-series tower speakers from Monitor Audio. (The speaker cones are metallic, with some amount of gold, and gold connections, etc., etc.) These Monitor Audios have to be the best looking speakers ever made (real wood veneer cabinetry, with the gold cones and the black covers, etc.). These speakers cost well over a thousand dollars each.  Well, I must confess, as awesome as the Monitor Audios sound, I can't really say they sound any better than the Bose 301's!!! They can maybe handle more power, but I assure you the Bose 301's will play loud enough to bring the cops to your doorstep in five minutes or less.
So, when I recently set up my third stereo in a bedroom, I looked forward to buying a third type of speakers.  I ran around and listened to what I could find on display.  Well, after much contemplation, I went for a second set of the Bose 301's!!!  They just couldn't be beat, and I would have gladly spent more if I had found something I liked better. But I'm not going to spend more just so I can say I spent a lot...there has to be increased performance. And, in my opinion, the 301's couldn't be out-performed by any other bookshelf speaker of any price range. 
My first set of 301's were black.  This time I went for the cherry. Folks, these are absolutely beautiful speakers: almost as cool looking as my Monitor Audios.  The black cover and the black housing fixture in the back really accentuate the cherry colored wood. No, it is not real wood, but it looks very nice.  These things are simply gorgeous. The kind of "mod" or futuristic shape which Bose has designed really stands out in this lighter-colored version.  And, yes, they sound just as good as my original pair.  I listen to soft music (jazz, typically, or ambient) in the morning and these speakers deliver all the nuances at very low volume; I listen to hard rock at high volume on other occasions, and the 301's don't scare away or distort at all: these things would tear the house apart before they'd lose sound quality.
So, yes, I recommend these highly.  They'd still be the speaker of choice for me at three or four times the price
I have two iPods that don't work.  I bought a shuffle first and that has an error that I can't fix and Apple can't fix.  So, I thought I'd buy 1GB iPod a year later and that broke down even with a new computer.  So, this time I made the right decision and bought the 30 GB Zune.  Wow!  The Zune is so much better!  It has such a better feel to it and the controls react nicely, instead of making you frustrated like the iPod.  The screen is perfect.  Sound quality is excellent.  5 Stars for the Zune. 
I liked this charger so much that I ended up ordering a second unit. Premium solid performance in addition to 3 years warranty! I called Lenmar company since the fan on the second charger did not work out of the box but guess what, they sent me another charger without hussle! The call took about 2 minute and the replacement part was already on its way, they definetly stand by and back up their warranty. No problems with the second unit and If I ever need another one I would still buy a lenmar. The two middle charging slots supposed to work only on lenmar PPRO-H batteries, one can use the slot number 1 and 4 for regular NiMH batteries, it charges regular high capacity batteries to an 80% level in less than 15 minutes, and the other PPRO-H batteries in about 7-8 minutes. I didn't notice difference between my rechargeable energizer batteries and the the PPRO-H batteries, but the PPRO-H kind are more durable. This charger is the best in its category because it support worldwide voltage 110-240 V and the first to use NeoTherm� charging technology! it's solid and heavy duty charger, not like the cheap kind that are everywhere. I went through lots of sony chargers but you know what? They will never see my money again! the sony chargers are crappy and fry a lot, I have been using the MSC815 since October 2005 almost daily and never once I had an issue with it
I don't bother charging my Zune from the computer any more. This is the only way to go
This is the perfect little tv/dvd for a little girl's room! The picture is great and Hello Kitty pops on screen for certain commands (volume, channel change..). My daughter age 4 loves it. I would have given this product 5 stars but there are a couple drawbacks...the remote control is has SO many buttons and they are VERY tiny, very close together. I can barely read what each button does because the labels/print is also VERY tiny. This is annoying when in my daughter's darkened room and I have to turn on a bright light just to find the pause button... the other thing I have to point out that bugs me is that you can't eject/or open the dvd player unless the tv is in dvd mode. In other words when I go to put in a dvd, I can't just push "open". Nothing will happen. You have to find the right button, choose "dvd" from a choice of 3-4 things, and only then will the tray slide open. All in all, these things would not prevent me from buying this tv again...although it would be nice if they did come out w/ a more kid friendly remote with bigger buttons/symbols for a small child to recognize... One great thing I want to point out--there is fast forward scan that you can watch as it fast forwards (something not all dvd players offer) and this is great when you are putting a dvd in for your child and they want to skip all those pre-movie ads....you can FF right to the beginning of the movie!!!    
I love the feel of this gamepad...after trying several others this is the best. The wireless works ok, i was 20 feet away and it was working.The batteries are what needs improving according to many posts. I thought i had a dead battery but it ended up being a bad connection inside. With a small screwdriver pushed up through the bottom can take apart the battery case. on the positive side of each battery there are two small pieces of plastic. you just need to push these down so the battery has a better chance of connectiing. i also found new batteris at interstate battery store, 1 dollar each. The analog sticks could be a little tighter, but i like the d pad. wireless is great
This compact mini was exactly what we needed to use as a server for our photography studio. All computers can pull from it with no noticible slow down. It was the smoothest install and network to our 6 computers. I will buy another very soon to use as a backup to the first
Garmin has great ideas that suffer from the company they belong to.  This option is a great thing to add to your 305 if you spin indoors or want to increase the accuracy of the GPS.  NOW if only the software was smart about how and when to use the Sensor ...
This Sharp electronic dictionary is the perfect pocket companion for those times when you don't have your laptop, or a dictionary handy.  The interface is intuitive and the keyboard is amongst the best I've ever used on this type of device.  Moreover, the access times for Dictionary and Thesaurus lookups are very fast; the "phrase search" function is a little bit slower, but not intolerable.  There are also "crossword puzzle" and "anagram solver" functions that I have not used, but I imagine work fine.  Another positive for this product is the fact that it uses a single AAA battery, not some watch-type cell battery.
The only negative is that it does not have a backlight for the screen, but neither do many of the other comparable dictionaries.  Hopefully Sharp will smarten up and put that in a future version of the PW-E550.  
I believe this is BY FAR the best electronic dictionary you can get for less than $100, and no, I do not work for Sharp Electronics
Our Oskar Multimedia Storage Cabinet arrived in a timely manner and was in very good condition. My husband assembled the unit with ease, until it was time to nail the card board backing on. Following the instructions he laid the unit down on it's face, of course the kick-board had already been added so it didn't lay flat. When nailing on the backing the "J" board (the center shelf holding the entire unit together) split at every point of contact.
We had ordered our Oskar Storage Cabinet through Amazon, directly from Ritz Camera. So, naturally I called Ritz to replace the "J" shelf. I was informed I would have to return the entire unit. I immediately pictured myself trying to get all those shelves back into the box and figured that was more trouble than I wanted to go through.
So, I tracked down the number for Oskar and called them directly. They were very efficient and helpful. Within minutes I had their assurance that they would ship a new "J" shelf to my home - at no additional charge. The shelf arrived within the promised ten-days.
This unit was exactly what we ordered and works well for it's intended purpose. I would caution you to be very careful nailing on the backboard, so as not to split the center shelf. My favorite feature of the Oskar Multimedia Wood Storage Cabinet is that they include plenty of extra shelves, unlike so many other brands. I have an entire stack of shelves that I can add as needed. I would love to have three or four more of these units.
I used this recorder alot, I have alot of classes,and the playback is good, it has little folders where if you recorded on one section rather than worrying that you haven't listened yet you can move to the next folder and record.  The sound quality is good, 36h record time which can be broken up to folders.  The only thing when you are recording make sure tht you adjust the volume, i forgot to turn the volume alittle higher and the recording was low,and that goes vice versa as well,. Nice little easy to maneuver recorder without having to be overwhelmed with the buttons
This is about the only mouse I buy, have gone through a couple of them in the past few years.  I just can't see spending alot of money on something thats going to naturally wear out.  This model is one that I find comfortable for the hand and durable in the using.  If you want a good, reliable, comfortable mouse, this logitech is a good choice
This is a great product for those who probably don't write too much. As an engineering student, I found the incapability of this product to interpret greek letters and equations quite understandable - however, it maxed out at 6 pages and that is just too little for even an hour or note taking in a tough class. Plus, It would be nice to be able to turn off the pen occasionally
This has been the best investment I've made for quite some time.  After experiencing the black out after the earthquake that hit Hawaii last year and having my computer die, I invested into this unit.  I read a few reviews from various sites that said there was issues with it and that often times it came broken.  I thought to myself the good reviews outweigh the bad so I'm going to try it and see.  Sure enough this unit came with no problems.  I plugged it in and let it charge over night.  I then added my computer and my monitor to it.  I've seen it kick in while the lights dimmed at my home and I'm so thankful that it has saved my computer.  If anything everyone should invest in one of these for their computers.  I fix computers for a living and more often than not people bring in their dead computers due to a power outage or power surge
This item is BR1500, which also called RS model vs. the BX1500 called XS models.  External battery BR24BP can be used for both BR1500 and BX1500.  The capability to connect external battery is great, since that can help reduce the downtime when California experiencing "rolling black" in the summer.
There are basically 2 differences between the Back-UPS RS(BR1500) and the Back-UPS XS (BX1500) models besides their names.
1. The Back-UPS RS models have both 1-line 2-wire phone/fax/modem data-line protection and 10/100base-T ethernet protection, where as the Back-UPS XS models only has 1-line 2-wire phone/fax/modem protection.
2. The Back-UPS RS models have both Boost* and Trim** as features of Automatic Voltage Regulation (AVR), where as the Back-UPS XS only has Boost. When the input voltage increases above the high transfer point of a Back-UPS XS model it will only go to battery.
*AVR Boost: The UPS is compensating for a low utility voltage. While the UPS can run in this mode indefinitely without any negative impact on the UPS, the circuit should be checked by a qualified electrician if the utility voltage is consistently low.
**AVR Trim: The UPS is compensating for a high utility voltage. While the UPS can run in this mode indefinitely without any negative impact on the UPS, the circuit should be checked by a qualified electrician if the utility voltage is consistently high. 
BX1500 does not have the AVR trim feature, when AC line voltage is higher than spec, it will switch over the battery power till the line voltage drops into the spec range.
Please note this is called "backup UPS", not the "smart UPS" line.  Backup UPS does not produce pure sine wave. When power lost, it will take some milli-seconds to switch over to battery power.  "Smart-UPS" produces sine wave and the output AC was from DC source all the time. When AC input lost, the AC output will not have any interrupt.
For most computers, the "backup-UPS" is good enough, since the power supply inside PC always have capacitors that can hold for about 100MS or longer. When "backup-UPS" switched over in about 20MS, the computer will continue operates without much impact.  But for A/V equipment, this may be an issue, especially the output is not pure sine wave.  I would not recommend use this UPS for A/V equipment
This is truly the best WIFI you can get on the market right now. Its lightning fast its 4 machines put into 1. Most importantly I've had the best gaming experience ever. Now i can host games on Xbox live without lagging the rest of my teammates and that is no fun. The Linksys WRT330N Wireless-N Gigabit Gaming Router is well worth its money and a great investment. I recommend it highly to anyone that needs a great WIFI for whatever reason
I already have two of these for my heavy rear bose speakers. The speakers are about are about 10 lbs each and are easily handled.
The mounts are solid, and can be oriented in any direction easily. I am about to by three more for my center, and two fronts.
I highly recommend
I have an Explorist 210 and this bracket fits it like a glove.  Good sturdy bracket, uni-directional, with strong suction cups - installed over a month ago and still has not come loose from windshield.  Great product for the money (in my case $30.76 + free shipping).  Purchased a second one for my other vehicle.
This product is really what I expected it to be. It has a very clear display with a high resolution for a 4 inch screen. The stereo sound is really good. And it has a long lasting battery. Buttons are easy to use. I tried recording from the television, and it is also satisfying. I had no problem about any divx or xvid video type. I really enjoy watching films with cowon a2.
i am so satisfied with this product that i had to come back and write a review on this. it has good picture quality and sound quality is amazing! 
battery lasts very long which is very very useful n important feature for portable players. I love to watch movies on this and also love to connect this to my TV and watch on a big screen any place i go
I did a bunch of research before i bought the a2. The things that sold me on it were :
        1. Battery life.
        2. It's got a voice recorder & encodes direct to MP3
        3. I love the fact that it's "folder view" , all my music on my PC is   organized by Artist then Album anyway, so it's just copy and paste to get it onto the a2.Which leads to.................
        4. Just copy mp3's & avi's on there like a removable USB drive.
        5. A/V out to TV is cool.
        6. A/V in to record video is a nice extra.
So far it's played every avi i've thrown at it. 
I've got 15GB of music on there and just let it random play the whole lot I use the a2 mostly when driving. I got a nice FM transmitter that powers off the cig socket, sound quality is pretty good. Only problem i have is that i have to carry the a2 in the house at night for fear of it getting stolen out of the car !
I also invested in the silicon cover from zcover-it comes with a plastic screen protector and is perfect for when my 2 yr old wants to watch one of his movies on there (the a2 makes for a great pacifier !)
Mine came with the latest firmware on there so there was no need to upgrade.
I'm very happy with the a2 and would recommend it to anyone who is looking for am honest to goodness media player and has no need for subscription services or any other force fed crap.
       
Works great out of the box. Some reviews mentioned problems with the CD but mine worked fine but took some time to start on the first try.  It mounted easly under the upper kitchen cabinet.  No problem with signal strength happy to say since the unit it replaced had problems.  The brightness of the digital clock is adjustiable and I use it as a night light in the kitchen.  The remote control is powerful enough to control the unit from accross the room and adheres to the refrigerater (magnet) with my wife useing it to hang things.  This is a Thomson Inc product (purchased the GE & RCA names several years ago) that makes TV's ect.
I am very happy with the product and recommend it
i've used allot of different adapters but this one is got to be the best ever. the Linksys WPC54GX4 work with all routers,but when you pair it up with the Linksys WRT54GX4 router look out, my range increased and i'm getting upwards of 250mb of speed, setup is also a breeze
I purchased this dehumidifier to tackle my overly-humid house.  I live in California, but my house is naturally very humid (around 75% on average).  The humidity frequently gets up to around 80% and above in the winter as verified with a hygrometer.  Mold was fast becoming a problem.  I have used this dehumidifier for over two weeks now, and it is scary how well it works!  I placed it in the bedroom were the hummidity was at it's highest, and it lowered my 15'x15' room from 75% to 50% in less than three hours!
It has a quiet fan that I have no problem sleeping with.  The tank is easy to empty and it is light enough to move from room to room.
I have not owned any other dehumidifiers before, so I have no basis of comparison, but I am in love with this one!  It was completely worth the price
I bought it in Feb 2006, never had any problem. Occasionally it stops working and just restarting both the units (sender and receiver) fixes the problem. I am so satisfied I am buying another pair
This has got to be the easiest piece of tech I have ever set up. Except for charging, it took under 5 minutes. It works as advertised. I use SkypeIn and SkypeOut. My phone bill is now $68 a year instead of $384. I also get voice mail for free with the SkypeIn. Call quality seems as good as Ma Bell. I was concerned with it being made by Netgear, as I have had spotty luck with their products. I liked this phone so much, I just purchase another handset(It can support up to 4). This phone will pay for itself in a few months
Im not a professional keyboard player. I bought this keyboard to have something to play around in with reason and Guitar Pro.  It suits those needs great.  Its detects right away and withing minutes you will be playing. 
The keyboard itself is extremly small reminds me of a kids toy keyboard.  If your looking for something more professional you will probably have to fork out the $100 bucks and get the bigger model. 
This is a great laser pointer and the brighter wavelength of the green laser makes a huge difference. But to see the beam (not just the dot at the end of the beam) you need some sort of particles in the air for the light to bounce off of. Using the laser pointer with a little dust or mist in the air will make the beam clearly stand out. And if you are wondering, no matter how bright your laser is, without particles in the air you wont see the beam. At concerts where they use the big argon lasers, they always have fog machines near them to give give the laser something to bounce its light off of
Although I prefer the AKG K701 for most of my listening, this competing entry from Beyer is so close that it's almost a coin toss. (One recent comparison in a headphone artcle came up with a dead heat.) 
This is surprising, considering that the DT880 is one of the most reasonably priced of the major mid-priced headphones. The bass is full but nicely textured - not a touch of bass bloat to be found here. The highs are detaied and never seemed sharp to me, and the overall sound offers a huge soundstage. Instead of the music being on top of your, these Beyers lend a perceived distance of a few feet; ths makes classical music sound doubly elegant, and surprisingly makes rock music grandiose in an appealing kind of way. 
These headphones don't require a headphone amp, but certainly profit from one. The 30 ohm version makes for more volume, though the 250 ohm version is standard, and best for most daily listening. 
The DT880 sounds great, but lacks a tad of the K701's high-end sparkle. Conversely, Beyer's value, comfort, and workmanship can't help but impress. This is a phone that has labored under the shadow of the AKGs and the Senn 650s, but listeners are always impressed by the DT880s sound. It may be your best value in a mid-priced, all-purpose headphone
This has a nice size screen. It only has 3 buttons.Play pause and stop so if you like a dvd player without alot of pizazz this is it. I was trying to figure out how you picked the different scenes and you had to push the stop button. I just found this out by trial. There was a few times during the dvd that it would turn into digital. This would only last a second or two. At first I thought it was the dvd but its done it on all three of them. The volume control is on the side, as well as the power button. It could have a little higher volume but it was sufficient for me
Very good product. Small, easy to store. Well worth the very reasonable price
Great invention to those who don't want to be attached to an IPOD, and like an updated version of a "juke box". Easy to use, load, unfortunately however, it requires an receiving unit to broadcast the sound
I'm not any expert in the computer world. But this product it is very easy to install. The range is very strong.
I'm very hapy with this product!!!
I have some doubts that this product gets anywhere near the 400ft range it advertises, but it works nonetheless, and really considering that my router is in the basement and on the other side of the house, I figure I ought to be grateful that it works at all. I do suffer from fairly frequent disconnections, but I suspect it's related to where I have things in the house, no so much the product. In fact, I can usually view numerous wireless connections used by my various neighbors that this device picks up. Install went quickly and easily on my winxp pro sp2 machine. It's compact and conveinient to hook up to the desktop and laptops as needed. Can't complain, especially for the price
I bought a ZEN 30G MP3 player and could not stand the earbuds they came with. They hurt so much that I used head phones until these V-MODA earbuds came in. They are awesome.  The fit is so comfortable and the sound it wonderful. I got them on sale for less than they are running right now on Amazon, so I feel pretty good about the purchase.  =
Being that the TV reception coming out of my VCR is always crappy, the first thing I did after getting my Monster Cable SV1/100-M A/V cable (to test is out) was plug one end it into my cable box's A/V output jack, then plug the other end into one of my VCR's A/V input jacks.  The result?  The TV reception coming through the VCR wasn't crappy anymore!!
I ended up getting two of these A/V cables to hook up my Sony DVD player to my TV via a Terk VS-4 switch.  The picture is phenomenal!!  I plan to get two more soon to improve the reception from my VCR & my cable box.  These A/V cable are worth EVERY penny that you spend on them!!  You can't go wrong with Monster Cable!
This is a great card for a laptop, however they need to correct their problems with the installer for XP. Also to get thru to them for any help is a major challenge, took me 4 days to get thru on their 800 line. Once you do get to them they fix the problem right away, seems they know it will not install correctly. Then it works great
The product description is incorrect, USB 2.0 works fine on the newer Macs that have such ports. It's overpriced; buy a gently-used one
I use this bag to carry my HP NC6000 business notebook. I have received many complements on this bag
This is a great product for a busy professional or grad student who gives their Mac a lot of mileage.  I'm in law school, so I'm constantly throwing my computer in my bag along with heavy casebooks, keys, and other junk.  My old iBook survived tremendous abuse, and after two years looked like it had been through a war.  The Speck case protects the MacBook's shell and even the screen, in a roundabout way.  Normally, if you put a Mac into a briefcase or bag with heavy books, the books will press against the shell, and the screen inside will press against the keys leaving dents and screwing the the LCD.  The Speck case is very stiff, so even the heaviest books and the worst abuse don't push the screen onto the keyboard.  Plus, if you put a red case on a white Mac, people will think you're in some secret club that has access to red Macs.
Cons: it's next to impossible to remove the top case with two hands - you need a buddy to get it off.  Also, dust starts to collect under the bottom case (static?), so you need to take off the bottom monthly to clean.  Fortunately the bottom case is easier to remove for cleaning. 
I am using this bag for school in which I need to carry 4 textbooks, a laptop (15.4 inch screen) and a couple of notebooks.  The pack has plenty of room for these items and still a couple of empty front pockets for additional gear.  With all that weight, the pack is still comfortable to wear and has yet to bother my back
These DVDs are probably the highest quality and most reliable that I have tried.  And given their low price, what is there not to like?  I would recommend these to just about anyone
In comparison to the component cables, the quality is a little better.  I don't think I agree with those who say you MUST have HDMI cables to get a good picture, but I am extremely satisfied with the product and I don't regret purchasing it.  Amazon's price for this product is unmatched
Totally agree with the other reviewers' comments. Originally, I was going to buy Canon's adapter for my Powershot A640 not realizing it was plastic!! Plus, even with shipping, this is still cheaper (by 5 bucks) and its metal! FYI--If you don't have any filters (like I didn't) get Tiffens 3 filter set 52mm (Circular Polarizer, UV protector, and 812-warming len) a good buy for the price--I bought it because of the reviewers' comments and don't regret it
It costs 30% - 40% less than the Canon LA-DC58F Conversion Lens Adapter and it's metal, not plastic... need to say more
I purchased 4 of these adapters (3 extra) so I could hook up my macbook's digital output for digital surround sound through my Logitech speakers. The product works exactly as I expected... great digital sound from my macbook. Parts Express did an excellent job of getting my order to me sooner than I expected (ordered on a Saturday, and they had the package to the courier by Saturday night.) Very prompt service... I would definitely order from them again. Overall a great product from a prompt company!
I've been looking for a pair of headphones like this for years.  I've used these for 8 months now and wear them almost everyday.  I ride a motorcycle everyday and I never leave without these.  First, the comfort is exceptional.  Even with my helmet on, I never get uncomfortable with these in my ears.  I've ridden 400 miles at a time without any problems.  Even when I need a break from the music, I leave these in because they do such a great job of blocking wind and bike noise.  I've used several other brands of canal earphones and none have been comfortable - tolerable at best, but most are painful with a helmet on.  The "bulb" you see in the picture rests in the crook of your ear, so there is nothing extending past your ear to get crammed in deep.  Second, the sound quality is fantastic.  Great bass, mids, and highs.  I've heard things in my music I never knew was there and I can't wait to listen more.  I can't recommend these enough.  I've bought a pair for my brother and may have to buy a pair for my wife because she keeps taking mine
Excellant product, excellant price, hope to do business again, ty, for fast speedy shipment, a pleasure doing business with you
This really works, i have 3 zp100's and 1 zp80, using a NAS for storage of my mp3's. the whole thing hangs together perfectly. if you want to get music through your whole house this is a great way to do it. 
MOST IMPORTANTLY TECH SUPPORT IS GREAT!!!
Wow! I didn't trust the other review.  I needed a mini amp, so I decided to bought this one, because of the price and of the dual purpose.  Right out of the box, it actually smell bacon!! Amazing, it was true!  And not only that.  If someone is trying to kick you out of your house because of the noise of your beloved amp, and don't want to stop, this is the mini amp for you.  Can't believe the speaker in it.  And, about the disto, well, is OK for practice. Won't regret about it.
I have had this items before, in fact this is a replacement for one that was mounted on my motor home. the windshield had to be replaced and a new antenna was needed. Works fine, just like the one before. A very eash purchase and fast delivery
I've been using this NAS for a month and it's great!  The box is quite speedy with a Maxtor ATA 133 drive with a 16mb cache.  I have it wired and it never disconnects and will transfer large files without hanging.  Got it up and working in around 40 minutes and have it set to incrementally back up my files.  Very slick!  I can't get the built in FTP server to work through my firewall but I think that's a ports issue.  All in all a great box
I wanted to be able to shoot lots over several days without dragging a laptop with me through multiple airports. I bought two and both worked fine, right out of the box. Not the fastest card ever, but certainly large storage for the price
When I bought these I was mainly looking for a long enough cord to be able to put my MP3 player in my pocket. Not only is the cord legnth great but so is the sound. I didn't expect the sound quality to be so good in such an inexpensive product. The cord also has a built in volume control so I don't have to dig the player out of my pocket to adjust the volume. The buds are quite comfortable, I have worn them for hours at a time with no problem. I love these
I just purchased a MoGo mouse, and I'm *amazed* at how usable it is.  I was extremely skeptical (and probably wouldn't have bought one) until I was able to try a colleague's mouse and see for myself how comfortable it is.  The ONE thing - and it's a pretty big thing - is the lack of "scroll-wheel" technology.  That's a sorely missed feature in this mouse.
That said, there are always trade-offs, but in this case that's the only one.  Battery life seems great, usability is great, convenience is great...just add the touch pad and it'll be THE mouse for notebook computer users!
When you look at the price, it may seem pricey but when you get the product, there is some serious engineering involved.  The web reviews have all been favorable and this is the reason I bought an Ergotron.  The attention to detail is incredible.  Mounting the middle monitor is definitely a two-person job. Other than that the installation was flawless.  This is a very solid and well machined.  Kudos to Ergotron.  (Also these guys are serious about ergonomics -- 10 pages on how to set proper height for various installations.) Wonderful product - 5 stars.  Shipping from Amazon was slow and behind schedule.
I am an IT Director and bought these for exercisers for my users. The outside is like a balloon, only much stronger rubber, and the inside is gel. When you squeeze them, the part that squeezes through your fingers changes color - it's cool! The resistance is very good and my users love them! Good product - great value and excellent quality
When you get these cartridges right out of the box they work great, but after you start to print out a lot of pictures you really notice the quality deteriorate. It really seems to run out of one color much quicker  than the others. Personally its usually red. It has caught me with my pants  down a couple times, going to print out a project the night before its due,  only to run out of red or blue ink. I would definetly suggest to always  have an extra one around just in case
I use only the best products, not refills or other manufactures as I have had problems with print cartridges that have ruined my printers. The HP ink jet cartridges are the best. I will always buy them
This is a great case. I have had no problems with it, and works very well. It's also very "sexy" if you want to put it that way, and looks really cool. Only trouble I have is that when I open it sometimes, it'll make a click sound because 2 pieces touch, but its very minor and does no damage. It's a great item! However, if you intend to bang your laptop around a lot, I'd recommend one of those soft outer cases too, because this is not intended to protect the hard drive etc. Just protect it from scratches and smudges. I recommend it highly
After ruining another pair of over-the-head headphones, I decided to check these out.  They are actually on sale at 50% off, and I've just tried mine out.  The audio is very sharp, especially with the base, though it seems to be not as loud as my old pair, I can just increase the volume to compensate.  At $35, this is a GREAT deal.  They feel great.  The band that most headphones have presses down on your head, but not too much.  It also folds down quite nicely, though it looks too brittle to be able to handle too much stress.  Haven't tried out the actual noise-cancellation feature, but if the rest of the headphone quality is consistent, then it will work just as well.  It also comes with a carrying bag that can probably also hold your MP3 player, if you so wished.  However, it easily fits into a jacket pocket.  Great, great, great design and comfort
This card works exactly as stated by StarTech. I bought two - one for a PC and one for a Mac, popped 'em in and plugged in iPods, external hardrives, a scanner, and digital cameras and the cards worked perfectly. The PC needed a quick setup and the Mac worked instantly!
And all at a great price!
Can't figger out why you guys are having trouble
Bought this player for its size (sports) and its Napster compatibility. Updated the firmware after having a rocky start; but things seem a little more stable now. Also seemed to shut off in cold weather when outside for long periods (around 0 degrees Celsius) - odd behaviour - but mostly OK now that we are in the Spring teens again. Haven't found a case yet to protect from sweat. Interface is what I expected - dead simple. No complaints for the price
I was ready to take this player back to the store!  I checked the sandisk web site and stumbled across a link to "how to" videos.  This was the best thing I could have found.  The videos walk through all the settings you need to configure on your PC to get the player to work for drag and drop, showing album art...  I had no idea my PC was set not to show hidden folders!  Who would hide folders anyway?  Nonetheless I now have a player loaded with music and am a happy customer.  Like others have said the photo option is not that great so don't buy it for that.  I mostly want it for working out so pics don't make much of a difference to me.  DH has a 30G ipod so if I wanna see graphics I can just borrow that lol!
I have over 250 mp3 formatted songs on the player (and it's full) and will likely get a micro SD card so I can expand it a little bit.
All in all, I do like this little player
Excellent machine, great performance 
Saved lot of time and desk space. Great Scanning speed and qualit
I have had other APC battery backup's in the past, and the only negative comment about the product is the size and space required for the unit.  Given our power failures, brown out, and the high wind and storms in our area the APC does an excellent job.  I have not only my desktop PC, but my scanner, printer and digital camera on the system and it has saved my equipment numerous time for the power surges and failures
     I did a lot of research, not wanting to rush into anything and then regret it after seeing something else a week later. I was about to buy the newest 40" 720p Samsung for $1899... then I stumbled upon this one at Circuit City for $1999 and bought it on the spot... paid about $50 for delivery and had it in my living room about three hours later. I've had it a week now, and I love it.
     Standard-definition picture quality is just okay, but are any of us buying these TVs to watch SDTV? I get about 15 HD channels through my cable company, including all four major networks plus ESPN, ESPN2 and a couple music and movie channels. Therefore, a majority of everything I watch is available in HD anyway. SDTV content still looks decent from the typical viewing distance of 10-12 feet. HD content looks awesome (including black levels), and my cable provider broadcasts in only 720p. I can only imagine how good 1080p content is going to look once it becomes available.
     I'm going to wait another year or two for the High-Definition DVD format war to play out before I buy a Blu-Ray or HD-DVD player. But I've watched standard-definition DVD on my Xbox with this TV, and the picture is beautiful. I'm sure High-Definition DVD would look a little better in a side-by-side comparison, but you will not have any complaints watching standard-definition DVD on this TV.
     In short, this is an excellent TV, especially compared to other 1080p  models in its size range. If you're looking for something in the range of $2000-$2200, this is the one you want. Enjoy
There are over 100 reviews. I am not saying the same thing again. I just throw my rating in.
All I can say is... You will be better off if you completely learn how to master this calculator
I have been using this mouse at work since it came out. After many miles of use, the scroll wheel has finally started to fail.  I can now spin the wheel several times before the screen actually scrolls.  The best feature of this mouse is the battery life.  A coworker who swears by his Logitech mouse would change his batteries every couple of months, but I usually got at least ten months out of mine.  I even took to dating the batteries when I installed them, just to rub it in.
This mouse is a bit heavy and does not slide as well as some, but overall I would recommend it.
Going to try a rechargable Logitech next time around
I don't know where the guy below got that this card doesn't work with Windows Media Center Edition because I just installed the latest XP drivers for the card on Media Center Edition 2005 and it works perfectly.  I sold my GIGAPort AG to get this because of the much better signal/noise ratio that the FireWire Audiophile has and it made a big difference.  Very clean sound!  I use it to DJ with using MixVibes, using the ASIO drivers and it works beautifully!  A great buy to say the least... pick one up, you wont regret it
We purchased this TV in Dec of 2006.  We are very happy with it.  It was very easy to plug and play...had it ready in no time for holiday... I would definitely recommed it to new buyers
It was easy ordering, easy delivery and satisfying outcome. Love the TV
Have only used it a couple of times in a month, and feel like I've already justified the low cost. - Should be fine for my intermittent use
First off... I like this unit.  It's EASY to use, and it does a fine job of taking your old LPs and making CDs out of them.  All you need to do is place a blank AUDIO CD into the deck (it doesn't work with regular data CDs), hit the phono/aux button, followed by the record button and then after you place the needle on the LP... take it out of pause.  It starts recording instantly.  Between each song, hit a button and it break the recording into tracks.  Pretty cool!
It's got great potential, but there are still a few shortcomings.  For example, I was surprised to see that it doesn't let you record off of the radio.  Just as surprising to me was the fact that the radio tuner wasn't digital. It's a pain in the neck having to fiddle with the dial to tune in to your favorite stations.  You turn back and forth over and over like it was a radio from 40 years ago.
I wouldn't mind the analog tuner too much if it at least had a handful of presets.  This also makes the remote control somewhat useless too.  Oddly, the remote does have an AM/FM button.  They should just label it the "Radio" button, because when you think of it, switching from AM to FM or vice versa using the remote makes no sense at all because you would need to re-tune the station too, using the dial.
Another key point is that the unit doesn't have any outputs at all.  So you can't pipe the output from the turntable into your other systems or use any other speakers.
I would rate this as 3.5 stars, but since we can't use half stars, I'll give it 4 for one big reason.... For all it's shortcomings, it works, and there are very few alternatives.
Speaking of alternatives, here are a few other options.
1. A standalone CD-Recorder.  I have one of these too.  The advantage of this type of deck is that it fits into your existing system like an old cassette deck.  In my case, my stand alone unit has two drives, so not only can I record from any source in my system, but I can dub from one drive to the other.  Also, my deck can make MP3 CDs from regular CDs (It's easier than using a PC, however the song titles are just numbers).  In my case, I opted not to use this for my LP projects, because I no longer have a turntable.  I decided that as long as I needed a new turntable, I might as well pay a bit more for this unit.
2. Crosley makes a simuilar unit, but it costs a bit more and the reviews I read seemed to point out that although it looks better, the turntable itself was flimsy and it skipped a lot.
3. A portable digital recorder like the iKey Plus.  I found one of these a few weeks ago and I love it.  You plug your turntable or other external source into it... plug a USB storage device into the port tap a button or two to decide the quality (.WAV vs several MP3 sampling rates)... Viola!  It records directly to your flash drive, iPod or external hard drive.  If you do go that route, make sure you get the "Plus" model.  The older model is outdated and doesn't work as well.
4. Use a PC.  Even though it will give you the best possible sound and options, it's out of the question for me because I do not want to move my PC near my stereo every time I want to make a recording, nor do I want to move my stereo next to my PC... or bog it down while I'm trying to use it for that matter.
Keep in mind that if you record your CDs using one of the stand alone decks, you can still clean up the hiss and pops by loading the CDs you made into a PC afterwards, then filtering the files with your favorite audio software, then re-burn the files to CD or MP3.
Right price and works off of USB!  The sound is terrible on MacBook so this will fill in nicely
I bought this cute little speaker from Walmart (14$) and it is so compact and very useful. It also matches with my other speakers of Sony Dream system.
This has 4 USB ports (So good when they stay on your desktop rather than on your pC sitiing down the table.). They are lighted, so that you can plug them in even night. Speaker is good quality and it has one USB connection and One DC connection.
Quality of sound is good if not excellent. Overall It is a great buy for the price.
Works as advertised, I needed longer range and it provided, easy setup, stable connection
Fast Service and great price!  Work great for about a mile or so but then I got them for shopping with my wife, she is at one end of the store and I am at the other
So I received my Go-510 and expected it to work right out of the box.  It powered up, great windshield adapter, no problems with the connections, bluetooth works perfectly, Ipod controls - no problem.  Just one thing, NO SATELLITE FIX !!  It would not lock on - even after one hour in the open sky.  I thought, here goes....bad tech support....ship it back...
But no.  I called tech support, got through to a human (very knowledgable) in only 20 seconds.  Problem was fixed by upgrading firmware and the unit works perfectly.  I read on many sites of the problems plaguing these units.  Apparently, they have all the bugs out because every aspect, every feature is cool and workable.  The TomTom Go-510 is highly recommended in my book and mad props to the tech support crew - way to roll
sent quickly and nicely packaged. these will do the job for those desiring a shorter recording program
This is my first experience with HDTV and wide screen.  This 46" Sony TV is excellent with HD programs; with regular broadcasts, it is a bit muddy, but that is the fault of the signal, not the TV.  I am very pleased with the overall quality of the set.  I had the set professionally installed and set up, and I am sure glad I did: install and set up are not for amateurs like me; if anything ever happens, I will be hard pressed to reset things.  Sony's instruction manuals are not that great
My Panasonic RV31K is five years old this month and after thousands of hours playing movies it works just as well today as when I first took it out of the box. Panasonic makes quality products and just like anything else mechanical you can get a lemon. If this player ever dies (cross my fingers) I will get another Panasonic. I choose mine after reading all of the reviews here and in epinions.co
The stick came in an excellent condition, and works perfectly. I recommend this product.
I had looked at numerous stands for my Yamaha keyboard and didn't want to spend a ton of money for a professional grade stand (at professional prices).  With that in mind, the Yamaha PKBX2 Double X Portable Keyboard Stand is a good choice at $29.99.  I had seen other stands that were not as sturdy (single X stands)and cost about the same price.
Tips for assembly: 
- Don't read the instructions, just look at the enlarged image of the keyboard on Amazon and assemble the stand the way it's shown.
- The bolts for attaching the arms and legs come screwed in to the stand.  Use the (included )Allen Wrench to remove them.
PROS:
- Low price.
- Solid, sturdy stand.
- Works for just about any keyboard.
- The stand's height is fully adjustable, and can be done in several seconds - without having to unscrew anything.
CONS:
- There is no way to attach a keyboard to this stand.  No screws, bolts or straps are included, even though most (including my Yamaha) keyboards have pre-drilled holes for screwing the board to a stand.  The keyboard simply sits on top of the stand.  I was VERY disappointed about this.
- The included Allen wrench did not work for one of the bolts.  The bolt came screwed in to the stand way too tightly to be removed using the included tool.  The Allen Wrench only stripped the bolt, it did not loosen it.  Luckily my husband had a better Allen Wrench of nearly identical size, and that one worked.  Without it, we would not have been able to loosen the bolt
Elegant design, sturdy construction.  Supports my Yamaha SY35 securely.  After reading the forbidding reviews I decided to assemble it without first reading the directions.  It took me 10 min
I'm very happy with this device.  The suction cup holds very securly.  I would advise anyone who buys a satellite receiver to skip the adhesive mounting bracket that comes with it, it will come un-stuck eventually.  Just get one of these brackets and mount the radio right in the first place
If you like to listen to audio tapes you will like this one. Replacing the provided headphones is a good idea. FM reception a little weak, but the tape play time on ONE AA battery is amazing. Lightweight and good quality for the price
By far this is the best printer I've had I been buying epson for many years if you like your pictures to have that pro photo look this the printer to own.The price is great delivery was very quick rec'd it next day.When you buy epson you won't back.
Came quickly and was exactly as offered. I am completly satisfie
I mean seriously, I'm running a Ubuntu box here. With other card-type things, sometimes I'd have to modify or find drivers and wrappers for some stuff to work - not with this. I just slid it into the computer and WA-BAM - makes my DVD player a bajillion times faster than it was before and just worked out of the box
I just purchased the Archos 604 about 3weeks ago. So far so good. It interfaces very easily with the computer. Though I have not tried it using Windows Media 10 yet. I recommend at least buying the Archos Docking Adapter Kit (if you do not plan on using the Archos to record programs). It allows you to charge the unit without the computer and also allows you to connect it directly to your digital camera to transfer photos.
The only negative that I have so far is that the volume, at its highlest level, is difficult to hear on an airplane. You may need some noise canceling headphones
I ordered this for my teenage daughter for Christmas and she loves it.  The sound is great and the amplifier works well.  For the price it plays like a much more expensive instrument.  I recommend this to any new player wanting to learn the guitar
I received a pleasent surprise. The keyboard was shipped sooner than I expected, arrived in perfect condition and works beautifully. I will buy from this vendor again
It does work/live with DSL installed on the same line, ever heard of DSL filters? Too small? are you kidding? this phone is great all around
The price I paid for this spindle of CD-R's was pretty good and have not had a problem yet. The only price that I have seen that beats this one was Staples running a sale of 50 for $10, but I have yet to use the stock that I bought as I still have about 25 left on the spindle. If you don't want to wait for their sale, this is an excellent bargain. The print surface has done very well with the inks from my Epson Photo R-220
The case is nice, but I bought it thinking it would hold my folding keyboard.  It was too small.  The price was great, and the transaction was flawless
 Compact flouresecent bulbs will not fit this fixture unless you order special CF's with extended bases. Other than that, it can't be beat for the price and quality. Adorama Rocks
I enjoyed putting this together. The spacers kinda threw me until I realized you use 2 per pole under each corner of a shelf. I got it assembled then my daughter pointed out that the DVD shelves weren't spaced properly [CD sized] so I had to take it apart and redo it, but that wasn't too bad. The spacers snap apart easily enough, even for my feeble fingers.  It's not terribly sturdy [maybe I didn't get the poles screwed down tightly enough] but as long as it's in its permanent location, holds the multimedia well. I really like the way it looks. Bought this item for my teenager and will have to get myself one, too :
The AMD Ahtlon 64 Venice processor is great. Installed into my new Gigabyte MB without a hitch and runs very cool. That will give up some room for future overclocking. Overall I would highly recommend the processor. By applying for their credit card, I received a really low price from Amazon which was very surprising. About $170.00 with free shipping and no tax. Everyone else was $200-$230 for the same processor. It is a great CPU at a good price from Amazon
I looked at all the different cases for my new iPod with video, and the reviews kept pointing me back to this case.  So I bought it.  it exceeds my expectations.  It's fantastic.
My ipod is now completely contained and scratchproof.  This helps when down the road I might want to sell it.
The screen cover is perfectly clear and seems very durable.  I like the fact that it's held off of the ipod's screen so it won't scratch.  
The clickwheel is easily usable, actually more so because of the circle around it.
I bought the case on Amazon from SonicSwap and am astounded at how fast I got it.  2 days! Amazing.
This case is for the 60GB iPod with Video.  It clearly says that in the title; not sure how that one reviewer got confused about that.
Don't hesitate.  This is THE case
I gave my son a Garmin 60C for Christmas last year. Tinkered with it for a couple of days before handing it over. It worked well. Of course I wanted one for myself, but cash is cash, so I've been putting it off. (Side note - I wanted to borrow it for a trip this past spring, and when they went to get it, it had been stolen from their car map-pocket. It seems these are high-theft items; keep'em on a short leash.) My wife hadn't gotten me any "big" Christmas gift, so I told her I knew what I wanted, and started shopping. I debated between the eXplorist 500 and 600. Chose the 600, with its altimeter and thermometer. Probably could have lived without them, but hey, it's Christmas!
It came yesterday, so I charged it a bit, and then it had no trouble finding 4 satellites under my deciduous tree cover. I had to go out to the street for the Garmin to find satellites. Took it out for a spin today. Spot-on navigation as I ran errands. It tracked back almost to the exact spot I had marked for home, though it had me driving down the wrong side of the street on that portion of my route that was a duplicate - so it's off by a few feet. (Maybe it still thinks it's in Britain?)
Now - why only 4 stars? 1) the USB connector can attach to the unit either way. There's no instructions anywhere to say which way it should go. I called the 800 # and spoke with someone (in New Delhi) who had heard this a lot. She told me what to do, and the PC immediately recognized the GPS file system - as a removable disk drive, as advertised. I really find their Website information near-zero. Something as elementary as this should be covered on a Website after the 3rd call, eh?
2) I bought the Mapsend 3D Topo software. I am interested in elevations. And it has detailed street maps. BUT - they're not routable! If you want routable streets (where the unit will route you along streets and not just a crow's flight direct path) for following in a car, then either you have to get both map products, or choose. It's rather frustrating. And the sales information provided on Amazon and the Magellan sites does not make this critical lack very clear. It tells you what you can do, but not what you can't and there's no product comparison to see what the differences are. On the Mapsend Topo box, it says very clearly, "NAVTEQ roads and streets data - like that found in the most expensive car navigation systems (non-routable)". Er, excuse me, then it's not quite like that found in expensive car systems, is it? I concur with other reviewers who find the software selection verbiage (on Amazon and Magellan) more obfuscating than informative. Why can't someone create a simple comparison chart for all the various map packages
This card is one of the best, the  graphics are very high! i play games at full specs, needs a big chassis because generates heat, i did bought a TT Armor and my system works better, easy installation.
Not a bad product, but has very little bass response and the weather channel does not come in very well, no matter where the antenna is positione
I have been using a lot mouses during last years,but this is the best far away from the others.
It's very comfortable to use it.....
I compared it with low cost Monoprice and high cost Monster cable. I picked up 10' cable for about $70.00 from Amazon few months ago. It's been working pretty well. No complains so far and I like the thinness of cable.
This 23" LCD HDTV has excellent image quality and looks really stylish, too.  It also comes with HDMI so you can hook up the latest HD video source such as HD-DVD or Blue-ray hi-def DVD players.  The LCD panel itself displays vivid, evenly-lit images, and ghosting appears to not be a problem on this model.
I personally ended up opting for the Sharp LD-23SH1U HDTV LCD monitor because the Sharp works as PC/Mac monitor (plus J&R started offering a $[...]rebate).  But I think this Panasonic is a great choice, too, no doubt about that
I purchased this so my PC could share a monitor with my XBOX360.  Does the job at a cheap cost!  So easy to use that my 4 yr. old can use it
I've had this phone less than a week, but I have been pleased with it's performance so far. The set up was somewhat tricky, as many, if not all Skype addresses use a period in the address. None of the literature showed how to find the period. By accident I noticed it was available on the 1 button. After discovering that, the installation went flawlessly. If one is already familiar with the use of the alpha/numeric keypad, one would have no problems. If one is learning on this phone with the literature provided, one needs help. The phone has worked well with both the landline, and the Skypeout alternatives. I'm pleased enough that I'm buying two more as the equipment will accomodate up to four phones.
This is just Great. Lots of storage for data files and pictures. Allows me to keep my file with me where ever I go. No additonal software required, just plug it in the USB Port and you have instant files, fast and easy to use. Small in size but big in storage. I give it 5 stars
Code length of this product is very small. I had to buy an extention cord.
The sound quality is not bad
Turns out I don't like in-ear ear phones.  The sound on these is good, though the bass is a bit much in my opinion.  The in-ear style makes me feel deaf to the outside world.  If you do like this style, these are pretty good.
These are the only reliable disks I have found.  I began a collection of Friends on my dvd-rws.  I have over 25 disks full so far and only had minimal problems with 1 or 2 disks.  I rewatch all my favorite episodes, of which I have over 100 and have no problems.  These are the best
with over 3 hours recording time,these are great. I use them for meetings. No problems or errors
To my eyes, the printer's rendition of colors is above average. It isn't horrible but neither is it the best. Pricewise it's an excellent deal with the 64mg of memory and the duplex feature. 
We've been using this hp quite a lot to generate mailing labels via Tray 2 (the default paper supply) and haven't any problems. The manual (electronic file) advises "Never print on the same sheet of labels more than once or print on a partial sheet of labels." So it's a pity that the rest of a multiple mailing label sheet has to be tossed for just one label. 
A wonderful quality of experience is the near "instant on" (very minimal warmup) feature and it's quiet. My previous Okidata c5300 was a noisemaker and was turned on only just before printing. Its time delay was also a disadvantage. I think most people will be very happy with the HP.
[...
I got the Canon CP400 printer a while back so I could make the occasional print to hand out (or put silly captions on "bad" Christmas party photos).
I don't know how the printer manages to keep the image aligned as the paper goes in and out 4 times (yellow, magenta, blue, and the clear coat) but when it drops it out, I have a pretty nice print, complete with address lines and a stamp outline on back (plus Canon logo of course) - suitable for mailing as a postcard. About 1/2" of each end gets removed  after printing as it is used for traction of the rubber roller in the printer.
I frequently print 3 shots vertically on a 4 x 6 card as sort of a mini proof sheet. I've also used the 4 x 8 size to print 2 side by side.
Fun stuff
This is a great printer for those who want to print on 12x12 scrapbook pages. It works well with heavier(cardstock) paper. It also prints great photos. I have a MAC i-book. I also use The Print Shop 2 program with it. It gives me great versatility with my pages & photos
My criteria for my new printer purchase was:
1. 11x17
2. individual inks
3. reliable printer company
4. easy installation/good customer service
5. price (this was a bit pricey but the next step up was not a choice)
So far for my needs this has been a great printer so far.  It does great quality prints for photos, school projects and more.  I wanted to have more versatility to make posters, labels, photos, etc...  My last HP wide format printer (1200c) lasted for over 5 years and I took it everywhere.  I have only had this for a few motnhs but it hasn't been a disappointment yet
HP Officejet Pro K850:
Initial Impression: Setup is easy: Documentation: Clear and concise:
Did not use CD, downloaded full software package from HP's site: Installation on windows xp with DeskJet 5550 connected, without issue: All functions available:  Trial printings' on letter and 11 x 17 without issue: Quality as advertised: Networked using Linksys Wireless: Drivers installed on 2 Dell (win xp) laptops, over network, without issue.  Test printings over network without issue. Our print test consists of business graphics, text, manuals and genealogy (family) trees. Printing is quick with low noise. B
Its a great graphics card, especially for the price. I got it to improve Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 and it did. But the controls arent as clear as they could be for the anti-aliasing settings and the anisotropic filtering
The only thing I will say about the BDP-S1 is that it is top quality.
Picture and sound quality are top-notch, but everything really depends on the software.
Now, if you are undecided about which camp to follow (Blu-ray or HD DVD), I'm here to tell you that Blu-ray will win.
You see, I have both Blu-ray and HD DVD.
I have about 20 HD DVD movies and about 20 Blu-ray movies. 
In terms of picture and sound quality, they are the same, but it is completely dependant on the software.
But here is where the similarities end.
1) Blu-ray is more durable. 
The BD movie discs have scratch-resistant coating. They don't scratch unless you forcefully scratch them.
On the other hand, the HDDVD movies scratch like heck. I put all of my movies in a CD case. I recently noticed that ALL the HDDVD movies are scratched, but NONE of the Blu-ray movies are scratched. These are stored in the SAME CD case by me. I am extremely careful. None of my movies even have a fingerprint on them. So when I see scratches on 100% of my HDDVD movies, that really upsets me!!!!!
2) Blu-ray costs less to BUY.
What? Superman Returns BD is $24, Superman HDDVD is $28. The Departed BD is $24, The Departed HDDVD is $28.
Now the HDDVD DUAL format has both a standard DVD and HDDVD movie, but who in their right mind would want to buy an HDDVD to watch a 480p picture? 
Right now you can get a $500 PS3 or $400 Toshiba HDDVD player. 
Later this year, Sony will come out with a $300 Blu-Ray disc player. HDDVD will most likely drop their prices. So the hardware will cost the same in both formats.
3) Blu-ray has more capacity.
For less money, you can get a 50GB Blu-ray movie versus a 30GB HDDVD movie.
And what if in 5 years they develope SUPER High-Definition 1920p picture and SUPER Hi-Def 8.1 DTS-HD Sound? What if this requires 75GB or 100GB?
HDDVD can go up to 51GB.
Peace.
So far, so good!  Only takes up 1U in our rack. This product arrived in good shape and on time.  Setup was a breeze.  Right now we only have 2 servers connected to it, but switching between them is no problem, so I don't foresee a problem when we add 4 more.
-Kevi
I hva tried alll kinds of stuff on the iPod, and this is th eonly one that got rid of all the scratches. Thanks for a  fantastic product
I can't remember when I felt so good about an online purchase.  The product is more than I expected for the money and the quick service just awed me!  I will definately be doing business through AMAZON many, many more times in the future!  THANK YOU
Use original Epson Brand ink, the heads in the epson printers it's in the printer itself not in the ink cartridge, it dosent worth saving some dollars and ruing the printer
I bought this printer to print my shipping labels faster. It's easy to use! It prints very fast.Print quality is excellent. Changing diferent type of labels is easy too. I highly recommend this printer
Everything about the Sonos worked as advertised.  It was a snap to set up and it is slicker than I anticipated.  The interface is commonsense and well thought out.  It is the only decent solution for tying together multiple discrete sound systems within a house to play the same music simultaneously.  You can also play different music, all obtained from the same computer source or internet radio.   It is one of those rare products that instead of disappointing actually packs many pleasant surprises
The XMB-10 is a great way to listen to my XM Audiovox receiver at home. The boombox is slightly larger than I desired, but the sound is great, it's easy to use, lightweight, very portable and nice looking.
I agree with the comments posted here.  Like most of us, I was interested in the Bose sound yet put off by the prestige price.  Even on E-Bay the going price ended up being around $400 -- for a used older model.  So I did some research and stumbled upon a nice comparison-shopper article that put the Bose up against several competitors, including this high-end TEAC.  I have to say that I'm entirely satisfied.
The chrome retro look is quite appealing, and the model has a couple of features that, for me, beat out Bose entirely.  I wanted a top-loading door like the old Bose models but also the ability to play MP3 like the new ones, and this gave me both.  The sound and punch is remarkable.  At flat setting, it is a bit bassy, that's true, but you get a -5 to+ 5 range for both bass and treble adjustment: I set mine at -3 and +1 respectively and am very happy with the sound in my bedroom.  Input and alarm functions are limited but not problematic.  10 presets can be cycled though quickly enough, and just remember to set it to a station (or load a CD) that you'd want to be woken up to before calling it a night!
TEAC customer service I can't comment on, but I bought a reconditioned unit from an Amazon seller for less than $100, including shipping.  A sweet deal for a sweet machine.
I didn't want to fork over 500 for a BOSE or Boston Acoustics, or even 350 for a Cambridge Soundworks, and then I found this little gem, for about 175 + shipping.  I've had it for a few days, and so far I am impressed.
The SX  functions are very intuitive, easy to set the time and both alarms.  I thought it was extremely innovative to have the button that sets the time located inside the CD player compartment, no more accidentally changing the time instead of the alarm!  The alarm buttons themselves will illuminate when they are activated, which is great.  The buttons themselves have a nice click when you press them, and the CD, AM/FM tuner, and AUX buttons will glow when they are active.  The volume control and tuner knobs are recessed, but this keeps the player from having any unsightly bulges I suppose.  The snooze/sleep button is a good size.  The sleep function can be toggled for 90, 60, or 30 minutes.
The range of the speakers is great when you consider the size of the SX.  The speakers measure about 2.5 inches, and with the volume turned up, you can definitely feel the air being pushed out of the bottom of the unit.  I like that it has adjustable bass and treble, which can vary from -5 to +5.  I have the bass set to +3 and treble to +2 and it sounds great.  It doesn't have the range of say a home entertainment system, but definitely rivals my Sony bookshelf system.
The MP3 player on the SX could be better, but is adequate.  During playback, the LCD will scroll to display the filename, title, artist, and track.  It can be programmed for up to 64 tracks, but I haven't had the time or patience for this.  Instead, I just numbered the MP3 tracks in the order I wanted before burning them to the CD-rom.  The repeat function works well, and you can choose either to repeat one track, repeat all tracks, or repeat just one folder.  However, the shuffle function is rather limited, as it has only one setting which is to randomly play an MP3 from any of the folders (resulting in less than desired combinations of music), and it stop playing music after each song from all the folders has been played once.
One of the things I looked for in a clock radio is an auxilliary input mini-jack, and it also has a jack for headphones.  I have my laptop on my nightstand right now, and it playing MP3s on winamp sound great plugged into the SX.
There are only 2 levels of brightness for the backlit LCD.  The default level cannot be changed or dimmed, and is rather bright in a dark room.. it will make everything glow.  Takes a little while to get used to, but is not say brighter than a typical nightlight I guess.  It is a bit hard to read at night because the numbers are so small, and the brightness of the LCD can kind of drown out the analog display, but then again I wear glasses so I suppose I have nothing to blame besides my bad eyes.  When the radio or CD player is in operation, the dial becomes significantly brighter but it can be toggled to the lower/default level with the dimmer button on the remote control.
One other thing about the unit was the lack of a battery backup, and you will notice this is the case with many Japanese units, including the Sony clock radios.  I guess the power grid in Japan is really stable, so they don't have use for this, but still, it would be nice if there was an option for a backup 9 volt battery.  On the other hand, I was informed by TEAC tech support that the unit does contain a capcitor which will retain the time and alarm for "up to 3 hours".  I haven't had the time to test the maximum threshold, but I can say that I did unplug the clock for about a minute, and when I plugged it back in, sure enough the time and alarms were still correct.
Overall I am really impressed by this unit.  The only thing that could be better is if the MP3 player shuffle had a few more options, but I guess this is ok as many I have seen MP3 clock radios without any shuffle function at all!  Also, I wish the LCD backlight could be adjusted a little more.  It is a bit pricey at just under 200, but I have heard many clock radios, and you would have to spend 350+++ to get anywhere near the sound quality of the TEAC SX
I got this for my wife to use in the kitchen and she loves it.  The unit is beautifully designed, fun to use and has amazing sound for something so small.  My only gripe is that the tuner is not very strong.  I live in a tough area for reception, and there's slight static on my favorite stations.  The FM antenna attachment that comes with the unit helps quite a bit, but the reception is still not totally clear.
That being said, I'm glad I got it, and when my wife's happy, I'm happy
This is an excellent power conditioner and voltage stabilizer,all in one.This unit  can protect your sensitive high end audio system,computers,and video moniters,from....Everyday,power surges,power sags,over voltages,and brown-outs.These surges,  pick away at your sensitive equipment..taking years off their useful life...i own and highly recommend,this unit
I've had HP and Lexmark printers in the past.  This Canon outshines both of the other brands.  It is super easy to install WITHOUT any troubleshooting.  Works like a charm.  The prints looks great
I use my LX4 2.1 system as my desktop PC speakers. I got this recommendation from Maximum PC, since the LX4 5.1 system was 2005's best speaker system. You can view their gear of the year review here: http://www.maximumpc.com/2005/12/m-audio_studiop_1.html. Being skeptical of a $550 5.1 system with only 27 watts to each satellite, I wanted to start slow and only ordered the 2.1 system. As soon as I purchased cables (FYI: no 1/8" stereo to two 1/4" mono cables seem to exists -as far as I've seen--, so you have to use adaptors) I was blown away by the crisp flowing sounds of the speakers. I wasn't used to speakers with crossovers, where only the each type of speaker (tweeter, woofer, and sub) gets the right frequencies, so no overlapping exists. All the sounds are crystal clear and the housings is very dense and resilient, while the speakers themselves are of superb build quality. After only a few hours of listening to many kinds of music and playing sound-intensive games, I immediately hopped back online and ordered myself the 5.1 expander setup.
If you are looking for speakers that play really loud, or can fill a living room with the desired feel for an action movie, these are not for you. But if you want incredibly accurate PC speakers or relatively cheap studio monitors this is definitely the setup for you. You will not be disappointed if you buy the LX4 for your bedroom or for computer use
Amazing sound comes from these tiny inexpensive headphones. The different size buds are very comfortable and help produce the deep bass sound once you find the pair the fit your ear. 
when I first got them I put the smallest buds on first and thought I had just bought the worst headphones. So I tried the largest buds and found they fit very comfortably and because of the seal they created in my ears they acted as an air tight bass box improving the sound ten fold.
And just let you know I ussualy cant wear earbud headphones because they hurt my ear holes or they just don't fit righ
I reserved the 5th star rating for this unit as I haven't authored or copied very many DVDs with it yet.  However, what I have accomplished with it is commendable.  I can copy an entire commercial DVD (Movie + all the extras) under 50 minutes.  I have composed a Slide show DVD with my own MP3 background music selections and am quite pleased with it.
So far, no coasters.  I am now in the process of producing DVDs of my old 8mm home movies.  The converter is giving me more problems than anything.  Still recommend the PX-755UF for anyone interested in an external burner.  Installation was a snap (plug-n-play)
These fit over everything very well, and they stayed put without stretching out, which is why my original pads fell off.  I guess it's one of those products that you can't do much better than $10 for, but maybe they could give you double the number of pads or something..
I would give a high recommendation for this TV.  It is the perfect size for a bedroom especially if you're not looking to overwhelm the room but you just want something to watch a late night movie, the morning or evening news, or the late shows in high def.  DVD player works great and really completes the package as it seems not to increase the size of the TV at all.  The picture is outstanding and isn't that what really matters in the end??!!  The only little annoying thing concerns what would have been a great feature but has a big limitation - the TV has an auto-on feature so that you can use it like an alarm clock but it requires that you select a channel on which to tune the TV once it goes on.  It you are use the HDMI as I am to get signal from your cable box, you must have the TV input mode set to HDMI but you can't set the auto-on to the HDMI input (it must be a channel number).  The engineers just didn't think that one through all the way.  Oh well, still a great TV
Got this drive a few weeks ago for an Apple Power Mac G4 Cube.
The G4 Cube has no fan so drive noise can be very obvious.
  
Thought the original drive was quiet until this drive was installed.  
This drive puts the original drive to shame with how quiet it is.  Unbelievable.  
Don't even hear the drive spinning up when the machine comes out of sleep.
Disc access is barely audible from a distance of 6-8 inches from the Cube and is totally non-existent more than 12 inches from the Cube.
Will not hesitate to buy Seagate Barracuda drives for all future machines.
The 5-year warranty is a winner.
Highly recommend this drive for its silence, speed, cost and warranty
I used these speakers (4) as part of my 7.1 channel theater and I used the HTI 55 Center channel plus the HTI 8" Ceiling to finish off my system.  I have a Denon 2307CI pumping these speakers and let me tell you, I can't even crank up the system to the highest as these speakers ROCK my entire house FROM THE BASEMENT!!!  These are the best in wall SPEAKERS I HAVE EVER BOUGHT!!!!  Buy them now before they're all gone!
Highly recommend
The chip works just as advertised.  I have had no problems with it, it was easily formatted to my Kodak camera, and it stores a huge amount of pictures and video, either about 280 pictures or almost an hour of video.  Great product, I would recommend it for anyone looking for a lot of storage space for a good price
We now have three of the K850 printers in use, one with a built in print server, second paper tray, and duplexer.  So far, the printers have proved to be reliable, fast, and comparatively inexpensive to operate.  Power on, pre-print, and post-print noise may be objectionable to users who are located close to the printer.
Capable of using the same HP 10 black and HP 11 individual color ink cartridges, as well as replacement print heads as the HP Business Ink Jet 1100d and HP Business Ink Jet 1200d, the K850 shares the same low, per page operating cost as the 1100d and 1200d printers.  Full page color photographs print in roughly 32 seconds, with a roughly eight second delay prior to the start of printing; similar prints from other printers may require from one to five minutes to print the same full page color photograph.  White horizontal lines were present in the full page color photograph, possibly indicating that one or two of the nozzles in the print heads, shipped with the new printer, are defective.
The printer handles paper sizes up to 13" x 19", so it easily handles B size (tabloid, 11" x 17") paper commonly used for small engineering prints and foldable newsletters.  The printer software installs without problem, although a reboot will likely be required.  For network capable K850 printers, the software install automatically finds K850 printers on the network, and adds a "HP Standard TCP/IP Port" to the computer configuration for communication with the printer.  For non-network capable K850 printers, both USB and parallel port connections are supported.
Positives:
* Uses ink that is compatible with other printer models, helping to keep operating costs down.
* Fast printing for full page color, and even faster black printing with spot color.
* Large format color printing, which is helpful for quick generation of engineering prints.
* Nearly idiot proof print cartridge replacement - light turns on to indicate the color that needs to be replaced, printing stops automatically, user replaces ink cartridge, and printing continues.
* Separate ink cartridges and print heads means less aligning of print cartridges/heads after ink cartridge replacement, larger capacity ink cartridges, and lower operating cost.
Negatives:
* Minimal install of HP software from the CD requires at least 100MB.
* Low capacity HP 13 print cartridges ship with the printer.
* Power-on, pre-print, and post-print noise, just like the Business Ink Jet 1100d and 1200d.  However, there is very little noise produced while printing.
* Cheap plastic cover over the print cartridges, similar to that used on the 1200d.
* Large footprint
Works great.
Had to remove the brown plastic fitting from the antenna wire that encased the actual metal connector to the cradle.
Other reviews pointed this out so it wasn't a big deal, just had to be done carefully.
Everything works great. The only marginal issue is that the batteries don't last a full eight hours. It works in the car but cuts in and out.
Guess I have to break down and buy the car kit
I bought this mount for a philips 42" plasma TV.  The TV weighs probably about 100LBs.
  I thought the price for it was OK, but i don't know how much an average mount would cost and think the price i paid was pretty good compared to some other mounts.  
  The mount was put on our living room wall by a "handy man" because i didn't have a stud finder.  He was able to to put the mount on the wall very easily and the assembly was pretty basic.  The mount sits very well secured and the frame of the mount is very durable and strong which leaves me with a good sense that my investment is properly secured.
  The 5o tilt function is very nice to have and is being used so the TV sits a little high, but is aimed perfectly and adds a nice presentation to the house.  The room for the input cables is a little small, and causes some cables to be bend a little close to the connector than i would like to see but haven't noticed any degradation in the signal.  None of the cables so far look damaged and will remain that way, so its not of a concern.  I took the cables and made a 1" "trunk" of cables with the power cable and all and video inputs and it seamlessly hangs down the middle to a cabinet with all the accessories.
  The TV sits very close to the wall which was a key characteristic of the project even with the 5o tilt.
  I rate this item with 5 stars because it is very well made and very strong.  It also looks nice and stays well hidden.  Its features with the 5o tilt work great and the locking bar makes removing the TV easy(I had to take it off the wall to trunk the cables).  I am very very happy with it and would definitely recommend this product
I bought this product to hang a 42" LCD.
I am pleased with this mount but there are some concerns.  The mount is only 32" wide.  The "virtual axis" tilt is basically a clip that can be added on to obtain a 5 degree tilt which working perfect for me.  There are only two tilt options with this mount, vertical (hugs wall nicely) and the 5 degree.  Being 32" wide you will not hit 3 studs if they are 16" centers.  Make sure you get at least 2 studs.  My experience is this mount does not support VESA 400x800mm pattern.  800mm is ~31.5 inches and the brackets can not be spaced more than ~30 apart.  My TV did have another attaching pattern but I had to use the M5 bolts (provided with mount).  I would feel safer if this mount did support the 800 spacing where I could use the thicker M8 bolts.  A 42" LCD isn't going to weigh as much as a 50"+ TV, so take that into consideration.  I am still pleased with this product as it is very sturdy.
My dad and I installed it in just an hour!  It was very.  You can't beat this price.  I found the same mount at Best Buy for over $200!!! 
Great soundcard!  I noticed in Battlefield 2142 that I can hear the sounds of footsteps behind me better.  I'm not getting knifed as often (which is a very good thing!)  I'm glad I got this card
This is absolutely the best mp3 i have ever owned. What makes it the best?
1. 16 million color 2.5 LCD touchscreen. 
2. Battery life is too good to be true. 52 hours audio 10hr video.
3. The best sound, it has how much tweaks, its sick. You can slowdown a song or make it sound like the chipmunks. Has BBE,Wide stereo, enhancement stereo etc.
4. The volume is sooo dam loud. I had a Zune and the volume level was at 20, the lourdest it could go. The D2 level is 50 and at 30 it sounds as high as the zune.
5. You can encode AVI video bitrate at 1.5mbps.Also have WMV which you can encode at 768kbps.
6. No need to install to transfer files, it works like a USB flash drive.
7. You can change backgrounds and if you put a black background and your text is black, you can change the text color to 20 difference colors or make you own.
8. The touchscreen is smooth and flawless. WHen playing music it tells you the info of the file. example bitrate info, Hz etc. Something that is lacking on the big boys. 
9. Has tv output, also has a recorder to record conversations.
10. Can view .txt files.
11. Can view pics at very high pixels.
12. Fm tuner, you can record from the FM radio. You can set the bitrate from low to 256kbps.
13. Has a SD slot for more storage. Get a 8 gig SD for a total for 12 gig. Imagine in 2 years when they have 20 gig SD.
14. Great support, firmware updates are always available.
Plus sooo much more
This particular Cam has some issues but as long as you understand how to configure it, it will blow you away.  I've heard people complain about Dlink and they do have to get on the ball with tech support, autually their tech support sucks but I don't need them.  This is not a plug and play device so study the online manual carefully.  When you actually learn how to use it, you won't buy anything else for the price.  If you are tech savey, you will really enjoy the product.  I have nine cams installed at three locations.  Using their IP software you can view upto 16 at once.  The reason I'm back, on this site, is because I need to order two more.  I did have to return my first one but it was a pre-production unit and somebody forgot a timing gear.  Dlink sent my replacement direct.  The oldest cam has worked flawlessly for a year now.  One last comment, the next closent cam is a panasonic but for equal quality you will pay 50% more with less features
I like this printer.  There a few minor quarks, but it's fast and the prints come out good.  The one thing to watch for is making sure the ink tape cartridge stays tight.  If it's lose it will start making bad prints.  It takes less than minute to pull the cartridge out, tighten it and start printing again.
I am also using this with the Mac OSX OS.  Though the device says it will only work with PC and mentions something about the CASIO CW Utility for use on a Mac, but no where on the Casio site could I find the mentioned Utility.    After some searching I cam e accross this:
[...]
This allows the CW-100 to work fine on a Mac.  Though I have never seen the  PC software that comes with printer, I have read that this mac version does not have all of the text formating options. This is enough to get around, since you can make a JPG version of your label, put that in the print area and print away.  The JPG can be what ever image/text you want.  Resolution is great too.  I print at 300dpi.
All in all, I found this to be a great purchase.  I make music and do not have the money to send out to have my CDs done.  This print has more than paid for itself by allowing me to make professional looking cds and very little cost.  Great the DIYer
If you're an anti-commercial radio type this tuner will probably not win you over.  If however you don't like paying a monthly charge for satellite radio and you want something more than just standard AM/FM you might like this tuner. Many stations in the top 50 cities have stations transmitting HD signals.  The quality of HD is most amazing on quiet passages in Classical music, there is no noise at all, very quiet. You do notice!  The HDT-1 is quite sensitive. It will pull in stations that other tuners won't, and I'm not even talking about the HD2 streams that the stations are starting to feature. 
Clear Channel for all the bashing people do of them is doing a great job with HD.  Their stations sound good and most of the FM's are doing HD2, a few have some interesting formats not heard on most AM/FM stations.  I hope the get even more adventurous. 
My only disappointment is you need a strong signal to get HD to lock in on AM or FM.  I don't believe that to be a fault of the tuner, it's the HD system and just like FM did I'm sure it will improve (ask someone over 50 about FM drift) .  I give it 5 stars, it's not perfect but for the price it's very good and for a first generation product I don't think it could be better than this
This is a great little power strip that allows me to maximize the contents of my briefcase. One of the most useful things I have ever bought for business travelling. Very well made. I would give it 5 stars if it was a little less expensive
Very solid, nice looking shelf, easy to assemble with good instructions and all required pieces included.  It's exactly as I expected it
I have been enjoying these speakers outside by my pool for several months now, and the quality of the sound is excellent, particularly given the reasonable price.  I'm sure you can get better performance, but it will cost much more.  These speakers are a rare find in today's business world -- something that is actually a good deal...
I must admit, the first review posted here on the D320 made
me a little nervous.  My experience is quite different, and
after several months of ownership I am quite pleased.
I'll give a point by point rebuttle to the initial review, as
that's the only point of reference (so far):
1) Yes, pick up a USB cable,
2) Printer driver installation on Win98 essentially required no
   user intervention.  With WinXP however, I do seem to recall
   having to muck with it more, but I'm hazy on the details now,
3) I have printed scores of multi-page documents, many over 15
   pages without any problems whatsoever.  I've had no spills
   or jams of any kind,
4) I have not seen any "paper-curl" problems whatsoever,  
5) I leave the paper cassette lid/manual-feed slot in place at
   all times as I have no problem with it.  For doing many
   two-sided copies, it is indeed easier to place the copies
   back into the paper cassette.  But that's my experience with
   any copier I've used.
6) Making two-sided copies is easy and as efficient as I
   expected.  I've simply experienced no problems.
7) I've experienced no copier caused misalignments.  If my 
   copies have been crooked, it was because I set them on the
   glass improperly.
I am very happy with this unit.  It copies as I expect it to, 
and prints just the same: quickly and without event.  It's been
able to properly print from all Windoze applications I've thrown
at it, and ones many users may not even be using, such as
Ghostscript, Acrobat, SecureCRT, PAF, and all image viewing
software I've tried.  And I've got several machines networked
together (Win98 and WinXP) that can all print to the D320 fine
using printer sharing.
BTW, the D320 comes with a full, 3500 page toner cartridge too,
not a starter unit as with some printers/copiers
I struggled between this and the shure e2c. I decided on the e2c, after comparing also with the etymotics r6i and the ultimate ears superfi3. This one has the least clarity, but wonderful bass. If I don't listen to as much classical music, I'd definitely pick vmoda vibe. It makes even terrible pop songs sound cool.
I had to reject it because wearing it was not comfortable for my left ear at all for some reason, and I had an extremely hard time putting it in, even with the help of my bf. The vmoda did not come with any foam, only the silicon ear pieces. I settled on the less bass but more clarity and more comfortable e2c
This is by far the best radio I've ever had for singing in the shower.  No more fumbling and messing with the dial while I've got soap in my eyes... 10 fm presets, 5 am presets and 5 tv presets + weather, I'm always able to find something good to listen to.  It works great for when I'm out in the yard doing some work as well. 
The maps are good enough for navigation of streets and outdoor adventures.  It allows downloading tracks and waypoints from the GPS, editing them and saving to files or the GPS.  It is annoying to have to put the last CD in your drive to use the program
I was programming an Ipod for a friend and became interested in buying one for myself.  I went to the store to get some info on the Ipod, and luckily the departments store I frequent didn't carry the unit, but offered the Zune.  I came straight home, did my reasearch, and ordered on the same day.  The Zune is far more superior than any Ipod model that I have either read about or experienced for myself.  And a much better deal moneywise.  I must say that you shouldn't get a Zune unless you are running a Windows version with SP2 or higher, for any other ver. won't recognize the unit.  I had a pc w/SP1 and Media Center 2002, so I thought I was in trouble.  Against my initial thoughts on SP2, I went ahead and upgraded, and haven't had any problems yet.  The sound is great, videos are decent, and the software is very user friendly.  I would check out the other models of media players, especially the Archos brand, for they have a bigger screen and hard drive.  But for audio and a few videos, this unit is worth the money
I recently purchased the item and knew that some assembly was required. I didn't know that I would be soldering components onto a printed circuit board. That's OK. I was an electronic technician in a former life but it might pose a problem to who might purchase this item expecting a snap together kit
I've had these earphones for about two month and I've discovered the following.  I like the look and they seem to be well made.  The only grip I have is that they are not very loud.  
I love the sound quality and the way I am able to exercise and not notice that I have headphones on.  The headphones don't slide but I have had some difficulty adjusting them for a more snug fit.  Overall, well worth the money
Great product but is only $30 at iriver.com's stor
This is my second set of Garmin radios.  I have had the 120's for a couple years now and had to try out the new 530's.
First of all I really like the new color screen and the added features.  The altimeter has been upgraded over the 120's and seems to be more accurate.  My old 120's sitting right next to each other would display different altitudes.  I would not use the data to survey a site but it is more accurate than the older models.  We do a quite a bit of skiing an the altitude displays are helpful when your on the lifts or trying to figure out how many vertical feet you have skied. Especially if your using different lifts and not going all the way to the top.
The new compass is also helpful.  With the older models you would have to be moving for the compass to work right.  After calibrating the new compass (turning in a circle) it will work just like a regular compass.  I still carry a regular one in my pack while hiking as a backup, but the compass on the 530 works great and has not let me down.  You can also route off the compass by lining up the sites on the 530 with where you want to go. The 530 will then guide you there and keep you on track if bush whacking and can't see your next way point.
As with all the Rino radios the microphone is a little on the weak side.  I really think it's because of the waterproofing that they do.  If you don't put it close to your mouth when speaking it's really not that bad.  I did pick up a pair of throat mics and they have solved any problems at all with clear communications.
Lock up problem.  I have experienced this once or twice the first time I used them.  I did the Garmin update and have not had the problem since.
Overall these new 530's are GREAT.  I have been using them for close to 2 months every weekend and sometimes during the week.  Now that I have 4 of these (2 120's and 2 530's) these things are a blast to have when we are with a group.  Looking forward to the ski slopes this winter.  We always seem to get separated at some point and never find each other for hours.
If you do a lot of outdoor activities or any Geocaching with more than one person these are perfect!!
[...]
I had researched for a long time before I finally made my purchase. The final reasons for this purchase was the Consumer Reports Best Buy recommendation for the larger 42" version of this Olevia set. I had debated about purchasing a TV with 1080 but decided against doing so when I read that in a set this size that the naked eye could not tell the difference between 1080 and 720. I needed the 37" set due to the entertainment center we already owned, which cost 2.5 times the price of the TV, so it wasn't leaving the house. The TV opening would have allowed a 40" but I am glad I stayed with the 37" because the set-up would have been difficult if not impossible with a 40" because of the need to turn the set at angles. I compared the two TVs at the Olevia site and the only difference was the speakers. I also saw the Olevia at a friend's house and was impressed with the quality. The best price was found through Amazon.com. I placed my order on a Friday evening and the set was delivered by UPS in perfect condition on Wednesday. The set-up of the TV was simple. The only problem I experienced was with the remote. Here's the good news: I sent an email to tech support and quickly I had an answer that was simple to follow and the remote worked perfectly the same evening that I set-up the TV. Even though I use the surround sound through our stereo, I actually was satisfied with the sound through the TV speakers. A small problem is that the Time Warner Cable Box remote control does not operate the TV, so we do have to use multiple remotes, but that's only a minor inconvenience. Our family has been very pleased with the TV. I would highly recommend this TV to anyone purchasing this size TV.
There is not a lot to this device. Simply plug the wire that comes with it into your yamaha amplifier and receiver and away you go. The ipod gets charged, and on my receiver I can even select the song to play via the on-screen GUI on the TV
It is very small and looks very cool.you can charge it very fast.ts sound is very good too.t has radio function too
I purchased the transmitter because I don't have an aux input in my car. The product works well.  I live in an area that is crowded with stations and the transmitter still provided a strong enough signal to override weak stations and provide near quality audio.
One review mentioned the Sansa player won't fit in the transmitter with the silicon case on. I use the silicon case to protect my player.  I took off the belt clip that comes with the case.  The player and case fits well enough in the transmitter. 
This CD/DVD holder is sturdy and stylish.  I needed something to look nice, but hold my stuff, and those wallet-type options weren't really cutting it for me.  
I had also purchased something similiar (not Case Logic) from another store and was unimpressed by how flimsy it was.
I now have 4 or 5 of these and they look great all lined up.  I plan on getting more as needed.  When they get full, it still stays sturdy and fits in the holder (the other one I purchased ballooned out and had to be forced to get it in).
The only con I can think of is the price.  For me, it's worth it, but that may not be the case for you if there are budget constraints
I purchased this item on March 15 from Amazon. We've been using it for almost a month now. My wife and I have built our HT system in our Master bedroom (16x14x10) also have 40" Samsung LCD 4095 (1080p) and Polk audio speakers (in ceiling) LC60i for front and middle speakers and RC60i for the surround speakers. I'm awaiting for Toshiba HD-XA2 that was recently ordered to complement our system and would be replacing my current infinity  subwoofer with a HSU STF-2 sub.
Originally my first choice was a Pioneer VSX-1016 receiver but with lack of zone 2 and HDMI video pass-thru only. I didn't think it fit our needs. However, Onkyo TX-SR604b not only was a true bargain but it also exceeded my expectations, ease of use (very easy setup) user friendly powerful enough to drive all my polk speakers clean and crisp sound. I did'nt have any problem as far as clicking sound related to HDMI issues like few folks have mentioned on their reviews and I didn't mind running extra component cable to my TV knowing it doesn't up-convert component to HDMI. The only thing that I haven't tested it yet was the zone 2 feature. I'm planning to install my extra pair RC60i in wall speakers to our master bathroom hopefully soon so can't comment on that part yet.
Overall we're very pleased with our purchased Thanks AMAZON!
I've used everything from Ableton Live to ProTools to Reason and this thing is just plug and play.  Very easy interface makes for no brainer recording.  I'm a guitarist and the stock sound selections are outstanding.  Most players drive themselves crazy tweaking their sound but as you know it's all about the SONG.  The Sessions software is a piece of cake and makes it incredibly easy to go with your inspiration instead of getting sidetracked trying to figure out all the bells and whistles.  Fantastic product guys and for the money it's a steal
I had an Optoma H27 but felt it was lacking the brightness I liked on TV, and I heard that HD72 was much better.  So I returned my H27 to Costco and got the HD6800, which is Costco's version of the HD72.  Wow, "much better" hardly describes it!  The brightness is incredible, and the detail and colors are truly remarkable.  The other night, I was trying out different DVDs just to see what they looked like on the new system, and I was totally blown away.
While it does upscale DVD images to look better on its system, I also bought a Sony upscaling DVD player and there is a significant improvement with it with the HDMI connection.  I had read that since they are both upscaling, the DVD player's upscaling wouldn't be necessary, but I do find the image through the upscaling DVD the best in a side-by-side test using two Sony DVD players and two DVDs of the recently restored "Carousel" using component, s-video, and HDMI at the same time, all connected to the HD72.  I saw clearer detail on faces coming from the HDMI upscaling DVD player.  
I was so impressed, I felt like pulling in people from the street to see it, but I fought the impulse because I don't want to share it with anyone.  
With a little tweaking of the menus, new films like "Star Wars III" and "Sin City" showed incredible detail, and older films like "The Adventures of Robin Hood" were gorgeous in their Technicolor glory.
I highly recommend the HD72.
This is just great for a single VPU video card, the cooling system works great, moving all the hot air outside the CPU. The software overclock is good too, u can change values any time u want and u can select if u want those applied for 3D games only.
It works with any game, I've tested it with Oblivion at 1280x1024, HDR enabled and every option at maximum. It works great with F.E.A.R at 1280x1024 with AAx8 and FFA x 4
the price is good for a very high end video cards
Unless that I made an order for Terk Technologies Leapfrog LF-30S Wireless 2.4 GHz A/V Distribution System, I received another wireless system from TERK Co, but the point is that this system is working properly, and right now I'm able to have Greek TV via internet to my desktop, and via the TERK wireless system downstairs to my living-room TV appliance. During the operational time, I saw that I don't have good resolution. I don't know if the reason is because this distance between my office and my living-room (the office is above from the living-room - so there is no big distance at all).
But anyway, I will track this equipment, and if everything is ok I will buy one receiver more.
Thank you. 
I have purchased over two dozen of these units. This is the best unit for the price. There are a few things that are a real plus one is the small screen on the unit. This allows you to be certain that your feed is being input. Also the card slots are a plus. Two things to be aware of. If you are using the unit in colder temperatures the unit will need to sit and warm up before use. Apparently there is some type of a dew sensor built in. Also if  you are transferring images from a card you have to look at the manual to determine what type of disc is required. Not a one disc does all unit
Works as billed.  I am currently playing a DVD+RL that would not play on any other player.  I have not purchased a 1080P LCD TV, but it is why I purchased an upconverting DVD player.  I have tried DVD+R and DVD+RW.  I will be trying audio formats later.  I would recommend this product to anyone who is waiting for the HD versus BlueRay to determine which will be the dominant technology and for its price to come down
They are great for putting DVD's, CD's in.  They arrive in great condition
I'm not a serious piano player, just casual.  Don't have room for a piano, so this serves my purposes.  I just want to entertain myself.  If I were a professional who played in public, not sure if this would be the ultimate keyboard, because it doesn't have a fullsize keyboard.  But for practicing and casual playing it's great!  It has more features than I will ever use
This is exactly what I was looking for: not too expensive, not much hassle with the cables - they are integrated with the unit, and no need to reach for the button to switch computers - simply press "Scroll Lock" twice to go from one computer to the other. 
Cables are pretty long, which is good: longer that I need at the moment, but I may appreciate the extra length in the future.
Great features with the Microsoft mouse.  Wanted at least a 4 button mouse so internet travel is much easier. Comes with a USB dongle that I did not want to use so I was determined to get this mouse working with the built-in Bluetooth in my new Dell Latitude notebook.  Found that the Toshiba drivers provided by Dell for the Bluetooth would not work with the Microsoft mouse.  Seems still some incompatibility with different manufactures of Bluetooth devices.  Go figure....  Had to delete the Toshiba drivers and let XP with SP-2 provide the drivers and it works great. 
Pros: Great features, no cord, long battery life between charges (days), very responsive.
Cons:  Some difficulty getting it to work without supplied dongle, bigger than I like to pack around for a notebook.
A great and economical replacement! This product saved me a lot of money. The red in the color leaked a tiny bit in shipment but cleaned up and worked with no problem
The Azden transmitter-receiver system has operated marvelously well for me over scores of interviews. As an aspiring video maker it was a product I should have bought a long time ago. 
Mine is the 9v-powered model, not the AA. But it has proven well-made, light and easy to use. 
There's something neat about micing people with a lavaliere unit. I find that they enjoy the attention of attaching the mic and the professional touch that it brings to the taping.  
Being able to range abut the room while taping and simultaneously retaining good audio is a remarkable experience. Another benefit of micing someone is that cuts way back on ambient noise. The din of voices surrounding your interview is a typical intrusion; using the lavaliere cuts out a great deal of the unwanted sonic information. 
It works very well.  It's nice to be able to listen to CD's in my car without getting a whole new stereo system installed.  My only problem is that the CD player will turn off every once in a while when the power cord is bent.  This happens rarely, but it's enough to be a little annoying.  Other than that, it's a very nice product.  No skipping, easy to use and a fair price
I got this product when I first signed up to Telewest Broadband and it has never failed. I have had it for 2 years and not a problem. I started at 512kbps and they've upgraded me to 4Mbps and it handles that speed without a problem. Perfect for your light, moderate or heavy user, good all-rounder.
Thanks for reading :
This product has good and bad points. I listed some below:
Good
---------
Cheaper than Apple ($5 as compared to $30)
Works great
Small
Convienient
Bad
---------
Cheap (might not hold up long term)
No warranty coverage for your iPod is something goes wrong
Has to be plugged in upside down (for me anyway...)
Overall, I'm glad I bought this instead of Apple's version. The main factor for me was price, but if you have the money, get the Apple charger, simply because you'll be covered by warranty that way
Just make sure you buy the right drive for your computer and download the software from Western Digitals website you should have no problems.
Very nice
I love this remote.
I was afraid that having a NON-TIVO brand unit (Toshiba brand TIVO unit) would require lots of setup (testing dozens of codes before finding the right one).
Mine worked just as soon as I put batteries into the unit.
The buttons are quite intuitive; I never used the user's manual yet.
A real winner.
An inexpensive replacement for the real unit
We installed this external HD on a Dell computer. As most Dell customers will attest to, any time you talk to one of their representatives, they'll deny compatability with anything other than a Dell product. Well, I have upgraded the video card, power supply, and now added this HD to the computer with very liitle effort. This HD has performed perfectly for us.
When I got my hands on the PMC-120 I thought this was going to to be the best player but when I started to play with it all the glitches started to come into my way.
I agree with the other reviews that it has a first generation-device feel to it. 
MUSIC:
When I tried to put music in my PMC it syncronized  my mp3s with the WMP 10 with no problem (very fast). If U are looking for a grab and drop (copy/paste) your music mp3 device, this is not for you because when I did  it got everything in one same folder that read "Unknown artist and album". So you have to put all your mp3s via WMP 10, wich is no problem for me because it does it very fast. The problems that I encountered is that it only has one "Portable playlist"  and sometimes when Im playing an mp3 and navegating through the other albums the controls respond 1 to 2 seconds later after pushing the button.
One cool thing is that it shows the cd covers  without having to put them in. This is done via the WMP10.
The sound is very good and crisp, and the equalizer setups are fair.But you defenetly cant tell the difference between the diffrent eq setups with the built in speacker wich has a very small horrible sound.
PICTURES:
This is basically a grab and drop procedure to get your pics in the device and you can arrenge them in folders or subfolders. You can not transfer directly from your camera so if you are travelling and dont have a PC to transfer your pics this little baby wont do that job for you.
VIDEO:
Ok, now this is where it starts to get frustrating for me...
I wanted a portable media device that I would only grab and drop my movies that are divx and xvid.  I knew that this device only reads WMV but it "supports" DIVX, XVID, MPEG, etc. This "support" deppends on what the WMP10 can play. So this means that you sincronyze (via WMP10) your movies no matter the format and it converts them into WMP movies and at the same time it just transferes it and fits it into your PMC secreen size.  I had this in mind when I bought it and was fine with me untill I tried it the first time: The WMP10 wouldnt convert my XVID movies and after a few hours of trial and error and surfing the web my problem was that I had to have the correct video codecs that are compatibles with the WMP10. So after uninstalling and installing I was good to go so I converted a 1:45hr long movie in only 25 minutes.  But this short moment of joy  was suddenly interrupted by the fact that the WMP10 fits the widescreen movies into the PMC and makes all the images long and thin almost unwatchable!!!! You cant change this because the WMP does this automatically.  My answer was using other software and converting my widescreen movies into WMV files. The problem is that it takes almost the running time of the movies to convert...I have tried a lot of different softwares and still havent found one that does it faster as the WMP10.
In the other hand if you have a full screen video you just use the WMP10 and it does it very fast and with good quality.
You can connect your device to the tv but the resolution is very low so I think this option is useless on the PMC.
So the veredict is: The PMC-120 is a good  multimedia player with minor glitches. It is a little bulky but personally I think the size is not that big. I think the good side of the size issue comes along with its  big 3.6 inch screen wich is great to watch films and this for me kicks arse compared to the ipod video. 
If you want to play directly your DIVX or XVID movies on your player buy another porduct like the iRiver PMP series or the Archos players wich are way, way, WAY more expensive.
So I think that for the price and for what it does the PMC-120 gets two thumbs up.
I bought this because it had got good reviews on here and the price was low enough for it not to pain me! So far it does what it's suppose to do.  I am pleased. It's a little clunky, and it looks awful when the anteni are fully extended. We'll see how it works in 6 months
THis is a great drive for your money if you use Mac, Windows, and Linux. I use all of them and it works great, I do wish that they had an 8 Gig versions out, but this one will do for now
I am kind of a shortwave junkie, and have a few radios all over the place,
I must admit that for the money spent, and the performance and endurance, this little bugger is probably my best buy!  I cannot believe the sound quality or the reception, its phenominal!  I can pick up shortwave inside the meat packing plant where I work!  (Big heavy steel freezers) It is a simple, small no frills, pocket size radio, but it blows away anything in its price range, trust me
Same HP burner/player that is $30 or more in the local stores.
Installation was fast and easy.
Nero software installed fast, very little info on the Nero products,
to play dvd you need to install the Cyber DVD player on the Nero disk.
I love this product.  The earbuds were even better than I had expected.  I wanted something small that wouldn't hurt my ears and I wanted a long cord and that is just what I got. I am very happy with the product and the service.
Thank yo
I travel overseas a lot for my job. This little power strip is compact and enables you to keep ONE adapter on the end of it to plug into the funky wall plug and then use your "normal" plugs for operating four devices. Most Monster products are terribly overpriced and not worth the money (wires, cables, etc.) but this gizmo rocks
I picked this up to use on a Mediterranean cruise since the outlets in cruise ship cabins are scarce and usually located right at the edge of a vanity.  It worked great for charging 2 digital camera batteries which wouldn't fit in the normal outlet at the same time.  It's small, rugged and light so it's easy to pack
Having a bad view of the southern sky, I needed to get a outdoor antenna for my sirius radio.It maded all the difference. Great product and it came with 30 ft. of cable
A very good product, but the fantastic part is sirius radio itself. Howard rules!
I don't know what the fuss is all about about this unit's "fan noise"... After the firmware update, if one bothers to do o it, the fan noise level is really trivial compared to advantages of HUGE storage space (or data redundancy if one should choose to use RAID 1). The sound of the fan is about as loud as a fan from a PC workstation (one of those DELL Precisions or MacPro/PowerMacs).
One of the things I wish could be different about the unit is if the RAID configuration could be more easily managed by using Apple's Disk Utility instead of using WD's own proprietary software (which requires a reboot... an annoying thing on Mac OSX.4 which I almost NEVER EVER have to reboot). And then the button manager requires yet another reboot before the functionality can be fully utilized... HELLO, Western Digital... Mac is no Microsoft Windows where users are used to rebooting often! If you want more of Mac users' business, write your apps like a true OSX app... At most I should be able to just log out and then log back in to use the functionalities... 
Other than that, the unit is a work horse. I use SuperDuper to backup my Mac and so far have had no issues at all with it...
I bought this drive from PCuniverse on Amazon and I am generally happy with the service I received and product quality, I have not used it for long time yet but have managed to fill up most of the drive. The speed looks good even over wireless network. I also like the Truecrypt encryption software bundled which is actually freeware; seems to be quite capable an usable with any drive (USB flash or disk drive, look at [...]It seems much better than the software that comes with many flashdrive in terms of capabilities. I am surprised that there is not a lot of competition in the 8GB flash business yet possibly because people don't need it. I had a Corsair 1GB drive from 2 years back and it worked quite well; upgraded to 8GB as my data requirement grew
I've owned this item for almost a full year and I am extremely pleased with it. It's so nice being able to carry around my laptop and my books in the same bag. The side pockets are kind of useless for them being so small, but I guess I'll be able to find a purpose for them.
Ordered directly from HP. Fast delivery,solid package. No dead pixel. Works perfec
I muchly recommend suggest buying purchasing these batteries power sources in the pre-tried used section. You can save pay less for them these that way. But be warned aware, used pre-tried batteries is may be no good since they is not may be rechargedable
All electronics should work this easily.  You hook it up, read the manual, play with it alittle bit and it works like a charm.  I've been using two (home desk and car player) for 5 years now.  They just seem to last forever
This watch is great because the countdown is so easy to use.  Whenever I need to remember to check the dryer or the stove, all I have to do is push one button to the number of minutes I want to wait.  Its the only watch I wear and I never take it off.  I even swim with it on.  The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because it is so plain.  I wish Casio would make it in a pretty color
Great product that works exactly as described. I have not used this as a stand-alone label maker; I've only used it with my computer. The software is fairly easy to use, and it will pull data from an Excel spreadsheet, which is a definite plus. I had a spreadsheet of over 300 items for which I needed to make labels, and linking to the Excel doc made the process very quick and convenient. The only complaint I have is that the tape for the label maker is rather pricey. I spent $40 on the label maker, and so far I've spent $60 on tape
The lable maker was removed from the box and put into action with ease.  Product is easy to use and understand.  For the money a great purchase.
I purchased this as a gift for my 56-year-old mother who simply can't get enough Scrabble with her friends. While I did not get the opportunity to use the product myself, she seems quite enthusiastic about its abilities.
Just make sure your opponents approve and dont think you are trying to cheat.
I have multiple cameras, and one of my favorite features is that this reader can support multiple types of cards plugged in at one time.  If you have a SD card and a CF card, both can be inserted and read/written to without having to switch out the cards.  Very nice reader for a great price.  
The Blue LED is very pleasant to look at.
I would give this 5 stars but for a few things:
- the included earbuds are uncomfortable and fall out of my ears during
  exercise
- syncing is sometimes buggy
- you have to load all podcasts manually
- podcasts seem to be ordered by date on the player, no matter how you
  arrange them in iTunes
Recent releases of iTunes have solved some, but not all, of the sync issues. Also, I have read about some workarounds for the podcast ordering problem, but they involve rebuilding your library, and furthermore from what I've read they're just temporary fixes. Apple needs to fix this.
Still, the small form factor, cool design, and easy-to-use controls make this a great product. I sold my 4G 40GB iPod right after I got this, and I have no regrets.
This card is significantly cheaper (at the time I ordered) than the Sandisk Extreme III at the same speed (133x).  I was expecting to receive a 100x since it was listed as that in the description but the 133x came and I was very happy.  Works as advertised and Kingston is a reliable memory brand.  Product came quickly
Outstanding cleaner for your CD or CDRW, MP3 player.  Takes you through many diagnostic tests.  Even has a Dolby test.  Well worth the money and you will be more than pleased with it.  I used it on both my PC CD and CDRW drives as well as my stereo CD player.  Fantastic product!!
The design for this headset is ingenious. Every piece is separated so you can mix and match for your convenience. It's not really a headset, but a headphone with a detachable headset; so you can use it to chat online or listen to your mp3 player. The microphone can even be mounted independently onto your computer monitor with the included base. The extension cord comes with a volume controller, another very convenient feature. There are also little hangers on the extension cord, which are for attaching the microphone cord. The audio quality is pretty good, throw in 20 bucks more to get the combo set, which includes a sound card to enhance the audio quality.
****The only thing I have to complain about is the comfort issue. Maybe it's the size of my head, but the earpieces simply press a little bit too hard against my temples, so it causes mild headache after 30 minutes of usage. Other than that, this headset is perfect
I'm so technically challenged, and I had no trouble figuring out this system.  I already had the base unit and had to search for these handsets to go with it. Altogether they were a bit pricey, but worth every penny!  Very easy to understand the directions, and lots of bells and whistles.  Lots of cool ring tones and features that are not listed on the product description.  I love the intercom features, they are great for when the kids are upstairs, I don't have to yell for them to come down or go upstairs to talk to them.  Very cool
I couldn't believe how lightweight this monitor is, and how easy it was to connect to my computer. It is one of the best investments I have made this year. What a difference the LCD screen makes for my vision. Its wonderful.  I highly recommend this monitor to anyone who is looking for something easy to connect and have excellent quality as well. It is the perfect monitor for me
This watch is not only the best watch I have ever owned, it is the only day time watch that I ever use.  I love the 1,3,5,10,20, 30 minute timer found ONLY on this watch.  I love it so much that I buy several and change out the band to match different outfits!  I do wish that this watch came in a more dressy version.  I also hope that Casio continues to make this watch for people who need a timer and a dependable alarm
I bought this deck about 6 months ago. It has performed flawless in every aspect. As soon as I turned it on I could notice a big difference in the sound quality from my old poineer deck. I have taken all of my cd's out of my truck because there is no need for the cd player if you take advantage of the ipod interface. The ipod function is flawless and easy to use. Just plug in your ipod and search by artist, album, song title or playlist. This can get a little tricky while driving ecpecially if you have a large library so I would suggest using playlists. The output of sound quality from an ipod is amazing. Also there is a very useful bass engine that is very useful if you have subs, this function allows for flawless bass output and easy ajustment. This deck is the best overall I have ever listened to
I've had this printer for four years. I print approximately 25 documents each week. This is the first time that I have had to replace the cartridge. It's a great little printer and this cartridge lasts a good long time, too. Compared to ink jet printers that I have had, I get about 5 times as many prints from this laserjet -- and the price of the cartridges is about the same as the ink jets.
Great buy
Firstoff, that first review about the format capacities is outright wrong.  Let me explain how this works.
The soundstage program that the player uses is a lot like iTunes; it has its own proprietary format that is really just MP3 with a different file extension title.  When you import your MP3s into the soundstage library, it makes its own DUPLICATE library of your music in a new directory using its 'OMG' file suffix.  Yes, OMG.  I think that's funny, and you should too.
The minidiscs themselves are essentially just CD-RWs.  Keep this in mind.  They are enjoyable cheap to buy more, they are rewritable, and they hold 80 minutes of basic cd-audio, or close to 4/5 hours of 'low bitrate' audio, which is just compressed MP3s.  
The product itself is very good.  I've had one for a short while.  I bought an eight-pack of disks right after I got it, and filled them with music.  I have six full discs of labeled artists and find that disc-swapping of five-hour playlists is FAR less irritating than my old cd-player method; CD-swapping with 70-minute albums.  
The controls are VERY simple and effective.  Grouping your tracks makes them easier to navigate, but you can otherwise go through all the tracks you have as if it were an audio-CD.  Its impeccably shockproof, and my only severe grievance is the lack of a backlight.  The hold switch works fine and the unit is small and light.
I got this as an alternative to harddrive MP3 jukeboxes.  Most MP3 players over a gig in capacity are HD storage, which is far less durable (in my experience) than simpler players.  Rather than settle for a 256 or 512 mb player that I would have to swap on my computer constantly, I got the minidisc player and can simply take other disks with me.  Its a solution that suited me well
I've owned 2 sets of these types of phone systems.  A GE set and a 2.4 gig Uniden set.  
This is by far the best.  Actually, it's perfect.  No noise on the line at all.  Everything just works perfectly.
Only one caution. This particular model does not have an answering machine.  I was moving too fast when i bought and thought that it did.  If you want an answering machine to come with, make sure you buy the right model.  
I'm totally sold on the DECT 6.0!!!!
Buy it.  You won't regret it.  
Very nice player. HDMI works perfectly and the 6 disc changer is handy. Blue light lets you see the disc's and looks very cool. 1080i with upscaling on all my DVDs.
I recently bought and installed this radio in my truck, and I have not had any problems yet!!!  A few minor details are the noise blanker seems really sesitive (sometimes when it is on I do not receive any traffic) but that is about it.  I enjoy Cobra products, this is my second radio (I just traded up from a 25NWXT), I have a Cobra HG2000 Antenna, and I am waiting on a Cobra Mic for my radio.  So far no problems with any of it and I hope to have none down the road!!!!
I've had my Cobra 29 for over five years now. It's been in four different trucks, and traveled over 500,000 miles with me. Once I added two wilson antennas and a power mic, I can get out over four miles on a good night. My personal record is a line of sight 130 miles from a mountainside. I love it. I was thinking of getting a galaxy, but why? I have a great radio here
    After doing some research and owning a cheaper shredder model,  I decided to purchase this shredder.  So far it was a wise decision.  I have seen it elsewhere for a lot more money.  I have been using it to shred up all my old and new personal documents and it is awesome.  I put a kitchen garbage bag in the can and it keeps all the little paper pieces contained within the bag, and I can just keep reusing the same bag. It really is a smooth shredder and it keeps on working, no jams, etc.  Great Buy!
There is just one word to describe this product: amazing. I'm full satisfied with it. Just buy it with 1Mbytes (mine is 512kBytes). One last thing: the battery lasts forever
I went from the first version of the Audigy2 to this. And it did increase my performace a tiny bit. My old card was going out on me. A lot of pops and clicks and games locking up with sound skipping. Haven't had any of that yet. :)
I also didn't seem to have the MB problems that were stated in first review. I have a ASRock Dual-VSTA(new one made for Windows:Vista).
With a good Stereo setup this card sounds really nice. I have a older but really nice 5.1 with 100watts for each speaker. Only 4 years old, but have seen some really nice ones lately.
A lot of new games coming out have intense sound now. Vanguards sound has crappy options so you can't dumb it down and it can drag a system down, esp one using on board sound.
I would give this a 4 or even 3 star rating if it included Amazons rating too. [...
FANTASTIC sound for the money!  (seems to work well with Asus P5W DH, anyway)  Nice crisp highs, decent mid-range and unmuddied lows make this an excellent pick, IMO.  The only down-side I could find is some of the nonsense-software included is, well, nonsense.  
Creative scores, again
Buying an equalizer seems kind of retro these days, but I still have a good cassette dual deck and have recently purchased a reel to reel again.Used to have one years ago...now use both of these for fun and the occassional uploading of music from the old formats to my media center computer.The equalizer acts as a hook up device to have both decks on my stereo which is then hooked to my computer.It allows for some sound enhancing along with the computer
I use this scanner primarily for text documents and couldn't be more impressed.  You do need text software - I have Textbridge - but I find relatively few errors in the scan, proofreading and corrections are easy and efficient.  Best of all, I don't have another device plugged into my computer or taking up space on my desk.  Caution - I haven't used it for photos, but it does a great job on text
This mouse has never let me down. Really works on most of the surfaces
This italian gift basket,captures the feeling of italy,at it best...When you send this to family or friends,they will definitly,feel the love and warmth,of italy,and is sure to please...5 star recommended..
My husband is a big fan of this instant tea and always claims that it got rid of his cold/sickness right away. I have always thought that he exaggerated it until I was so cold and feeling really sick after a 2 hr working outdoor in the cold. The first thing I did after I came home was making a cup of hot ginger instant tea (which take me about 5 sec) and drank it right way. I have to admit, it is like a miracle! My nose almost stopped running right away. My headache was also so much better. I could feel the warmth running down and really warmed up my whole body. 
The tea is very pleasant, not too spicy and not too sweet either. It is extremely tasty. I highly recommend this tea to anyone who need to go out a lot, or use it to guard you from winter sickness
I have been suffering from nausea for about six months now and have tried it all. I decided to order your chews and some crystalized Ginger and it works. I finally figured out it was my gallbladder and soon I will be nauseous free but thank goodness for my Ginger Chews.
This has a wonderfully intense ginger flavor, without managing to be overwhelming.  I cannot speak about its effectiveness in combatting motion sickness, though it did do a good job settling an upset stomach.  That being said, whatever ends up getting you interested in this product, whether it be the flavor or the other properties of ginger, this is definitely a candy you will want in your candy dish, desk, etc.  My only suggestion is to buy more than one at a time, because the flavor is so good that you will go through these rather quickly
I love this product.  It is not super sweet like American sweets, but just right.  It tastes like drinking green tea iced tea.  Very refreshing with only one.  These Japanese foods are high on flavor and it makes it so easy to eat just a few.  I am dieting, so I like something I am not prone to over eat.  They do have hydrogenated oils so that is not good, but I hear there is something about possibly getting it out.  Another interesting ingredient was shea great for lotion and a nut butter that tastes good too I know now.  Very good refreshing after meal taste.  One is even satisfiying and I mean one stick. Not one individual pack.  They come in small packs so they are easy to take on the go.  Enjoy
Yummy Green Tea Pocky!!!!!  Just make sure you purchase this in the fall/winter months, otherwise it'll melt in the mail.  I would've given this 5 stars, had the Pocky not melted together into a lump
I love green tea pocky. it's flavour is indescribable! it's sweet, yet light. you can only eat a few though, before it's enough for ya. 
I'd suggest that everyone try these, they're that good. :D 
also, the strawberry pocky with little chunks on them are awesome too. ^_^ try them
obviously the cheese is sent in a cooler box to keep it fresh and ready to be consumed by the customer dillon you idiot!
who the hell gives a piece of cheese as a gift what a dope!
i would rather have packaging that protects and saves my investment rather than looks pretty and Dillon the moron talks about french cheese My last name is Ouellette you cant get more french than that Dumbass
The service from iGourmet is impeccable
Everything arrived in perfect condition i.e. ripe (and therefore "stinky" just like it should be!!)
The Styrofoam packaging was the perfect vessel for delivery; the cheese arrived "alive" from not being over chilled.
I have not had cheese of this quality outside France, and this is the first time I have found "perfect" cheese in the US.
If you like top quality "stinky" cheese this is for you........
When most of reviewers praise other pocky, this is really so much better: it is more slender with richer chocolate. It actually has more sticks than almost all other pocky types. The chocolate is slightly bitter than the red chocolate pocky, but no too much. Very balanced. If you love chocolate, this is definitly better... Worth trying
As it say so astutely on box of glowing color, this yum-yum Pocky is for men only. It not good or happy for womens to consume. Do not dare to ask why for that journey will not be pleasant.  Only accept and then you will see the joys of Pocky.  This Pocky for men.  Get other Pocky for womens.  Then two can be most happiness in joy of whirlwinds
My mother lives in a rural part of the country in Ohio (she is a native of Thailand) anyway being in a small town, it is not easy to find Thai anything, this makes it so easy to send a little taste of home to her, at her front door.  Prompt shipping and packing
 this curry assortment is a great way to sample different curries at a very affordable price and curry pastes are a very quick and easy way to spice up almost any dish
This is beyond a doubt a "must try" sampler that goes beyond what you are likely to find in any gourment shop. From the sweet to the sharp, a tasty treat for any cheese lover or for the curious
Fast and easy communication. Great customer service, and most importantly - great authentic selection of cheeses. After tasting this one, I've immediately went on to try more and could hardly resist all the quality selection they've provided. Highly recommend!
I was expecting a good thing after all the positive reviews.  It was even better than I'd hoped.  The first container was entirely devoted to fluffer nutters.  I had to fight my boyfriend for the second container and he could eat the real stuff if he wanted!
Once I was down to just a little fluff stuck to the sides of the container, I used strawberries (alright, and the occasional finger) to scrape the last of it out.
A great product is one thing, but this company has great customer service, too.  I called the store because I had a question about another one of their products.  They were extraordinarily helpful and friendly.  Even though they were very busy, I wasn't rushed off the phone.  They treated me like my business mattered a great deal to them.  This is a rare thing to find in today's corporate landscape where the customer is treated like the most unimportant cog in the machine
10 stars! I haven't had a fluffernutter since I became a diabetic, which was about 40 years ago. This stuff is too good to be true...no aftertaste, great consistency..
yes!  yes!  yes!  this marshmallow cream is amazing.  i'm diabetic with an enormous sweet tooth and this stuff is a g-dsend.  sooo yummy and sweet without that weird, cloying aftertaste or mouthfeel.  just marshmallow goodness.  i'm sure, as other reviewers have suggested, it has many uses.  maybe i'll discover some of them with my next batch; the first batch got eaten plain -- it was *that* good.  (i am thinking of bringing it camping so that when the rest of the family has their s'mores around the campfire, i can make a little tin foil packet of my own with this, chocolate and graham crackers and rest it in the coals.  how good would that be?!
I have to say, growing up my marshmallow Cream always came out of a jar, so half way through the jar you'd have to put your hand inside and get it all sticky.  Now with this tub with a wide mouth, my hands aren't sticky.  PLUS because it has no carbs or sugar, I can eat more straight then I ever could... without having to worry as much either
If you have to avoid sugar and miss marshmallow life is good again. This marshmallow is delicious, has the perfect consistency and lasts and lasts. Hot chocolate, fluffer butter sandwiches, home made sugar free rocky road ice cream - you can have it all now!!! Plus the people at A Bountiful Harvest are wonderful.
The title really says it all! I make a point to keep a soup can packed with these next to the pencil cup on my desk. I haven't gotten the two confused yet
these are so good, my mom buys them all the time. i went to school with them one time and got my ex- friend addicted to them
What fun marvel like great fun with honor. It make many question arise at where to buy but now you can find surmises here with most of all in Amazon quest.  It make good yum-yum with delicacies in terrific super fun of happy times.  It even go with most of everything you spontaneously can flamely cook in oven device of your home, put right with right away, a-ok, number one! It go very well, very far and good for all.  Chow down now for the best
Come on America! What ever happened to trendiness. Albiet I got my Pocky from a local Walmart, but geeze! It is so good and has very few sugars for how much chocolate is on each stick. Sure it is a tad pricy being at around 88 cents for about 14 Pocky sticks, but once you taste it you NEVER will want to go back to Oreos. 
Pocky: The snackfood of the current Japan, of the future Americ
I know my gummi's and Haribo gummi's are the only ones worth eating! If I can't find this brand at the store, it's nothing. A little tip: I buy the 5lb. bag at Safeway for under $6! (A much better bargain than here.) They are usually located on the bottom shelf underneath the hanging smaller bags
I can't stop eating these babie!
They're good companion for watching a movie at home.
Don't forget to bring some to the office
This was a no brainer for my pregnant daughter!  When those cravings kicked in, she had plenty of treats!  Also used them for snacks with lunches.  Buy baggies to sort in individual serving sizes
These are the DEFINATIVE gummis by which all others are measured.  If you do not love these, fine--you do not love gummis.  That is all there is to it
When i got my gummi bears, they were kinda stuck together and kinda hard. but it's still good.
These gummis are by far the best; the taste is tart and sweet, and the consistency is yes, gummy but not sticky. The bears resist the teeth with a pleasant rubbery consistency. And the outside is lightly dusted to prevent sticking together--however, they will melt with high temperatures in the Texas summer. They are nice mixed in trail mix for hiking, by the way.
A five pound bag is a lot, but if you pack a few every day in the kids' lunch bags, they will disappear. They are great for teaching counting, too. Or getting things done. Put a bowl of gummis out and an empty bowl next to it. When one task is done, put a gummi in the empty bowl. At the end of your list, eat the gummis. Yummi
I can't stop eating these babie!
They're good companion for watching a movie at home. 
Don't forget to bring some to the office
The first time I encountered Haribo Gummi Bears was when I went to Germany for a semester overseas. I won a bag of these as a classroom prize.
At first, I thought these were going to be ordinary gummy bears, but, boy was I wrong. These candies truly are a step above all other gummy bears. In Germany, this is THE brand of gummy bears. Competitors' bags are sold at much lower prices, but few people buy them - and that's because the difference in quality and taste is noticeable. The other people's reviews regarding sweetness and softness are accurate. Haribo has found the perfect combination.
During the rest of my stay in Germany, I became a huge consumer of Haribo candies. Haribo sells other gummy candies, but their "Gold Bears" are the best.
When I returned to beautiful America, I was disappointed to find that Haribo is not so easy to acquire. They are sold online at other stores at decent prices but after shipping, the cost was quite steep.
I am truly excited to see these bears offered on Amazon with free super-saver shipping.
If you have never had Haribo Gummi Bears, you really need to try some. A 5-pound bag seems like a large quantity, but I promise, you will not be disappointed
I can hardly express in words how I feel about these bears.  Haribo Gold-Bears are absolutely charming.  They're a little taste of heaven.  I like them frozen
I am a huge black licorice fan, however I don't think I'd really experienced black licorice until I had Panda black licorice. Great, intense licorice flavoring, extremely addictive.  If I open up a box, I find it very hard to stop munching until the box is empty!  Delicious
I followed the package instructions and these noodles turned out great!  They do have a different texture than carb noodles.  They are firmer, and more slick.  But these noodles taste great!  They are more than worth the $2 in order to cut the carbs!  I ate them with margarine and garlic salt and I loved them more than regular carb noodles.  Luckily, a local grocery store started selling them, so I no longer have to pay the outrageous shipping price (they are refrigerated)
I just tried these noodles after reading article in first magazine for women. Thought they were great and I only used organic chicken broth with carrots. I am very satisfied with the taste and ask everyone...what are you expecting for a pasta substitute????!!!!Just don't be so picky and be grateful there's something to eat thats healthy low carb and low calorie and can be doctored up with all kinds of foods and ideas. Happy snackin
I was actually anxiously waiting to try these since the reviews were mixed but I am soooooo glad I did try them bec now i am hooked!!!! Yes, they are a bit expensive when compared to pasta but i think of it as paying some extra bucks to remove some pounds off! I make sure I rinse them really well in cold water right before I boil them for around 5 minutes which removes all the bad smell! I just add some marinara sauce and it is a done deal! I found the texture to be actually good , like a firmer version of the ramen noodles! I think these make an excellent snack or meal!
I stumbled on these in Whole Foods and decided to buy a couple of packages.  I have NEVER been disappointed with anything I have eaten them with.  Maybe it's because I am a heck of a cook! :-) This are not pasta they ARE tofu. If you are looking for something to be negative and skeptical about YOU WILL FIND IT.  I could eat these noodles with home made spaghetti sauce every single day!  Go ahead, try them for yourself...If you have an open mind, you will NOT be disappointed!  Also, the shipping should not be a bad reflection on the quality/taste of the product it's self. This stuff is GREAT...look for them in a store near you so you won't have to worry about the shipping... 
I lived in Japan for many years & really enjoyed using these "noodles" in soups, stir-fry, Korean-style cooking, etc.  If you are looking for pasta, these may not exactly match your craving, but are nonetheless really versatile!  My advice for those who don't like the smell upon opening the package is to drain them, sprinkle liberally with salt & rub through with clean hands, then rinse in cold water.  This is how they prepare them in Japan - it removes any odor & they are ready to use
I started eating these as a kid and I still love them.  I am not Asain, but I like foods from all over the world.  These candies have a little rice paper edible wrapper.  While the toys moved to stickers now the candy is still really good.  It has a unique flavor and I just cannot get enough of these.  They are pretty wholesome for candy.  They really are a special treat.  I think they are healthier than other candies.  I am not sure what American kids of today would think, but if they are not used to total junk I think they would like them.  These are really special.  The taste is really light.  They are chewy and sticky so you would not want to give them to really little kids for risk of choaking.  I do think they would be healthier than other things and might be nice for a holiday special gift or other special occasion for an older child.  Someone who is age 5 and up would be perfect
This candy is the best and once you have it.. you will always long for it! The candy is wonderful and the rice paper that melts in your mouth is a novelty and delicious. There is a temporary tattoo with these candies. Thank you Amazon.com for making it easier to find
I've been snacking on Botan Rice Candy since I was a little girl.  My mom used to pick it up for us every time she visited the Asian grocery store.  And I still have it a few times a year.  This candy is delicious!  Sweet like honey, but not too sweet...chewy like caramel squares, but not sticky.  And the sticker is sometimes a tattoo- bonus!  It's fun
If I could survive on Pocky and pocky alone, I would do it. This is the world's perfect snack food. Strawberry is the best of them all, though I am partial to the coconut and chocolate flavors too. Sweet creamy strawberry-y goodness coats a thin crispy cracker stick, making for a one-of-a-kind taste sensation in your mouth. Plus one tip is uncoated, so you don't even have to get your hands dirty. If you only try one Japanese food, this is the one. Try it, you won't be disappointed
I like this because it tastes like drinking green iced tea.  It has a great taste and is not super sweet.  I find it refreshing and cleansing of the palate.  Unlike the other person I am not addicted, but am satisfied with one piece and that is what is great about so many asian candies.  If you like green tea I think you will like these.  I drink unsweatened tea all the time and this was like drinking it.  Nice refreshing candy.  Individually wrapped like many japanese candies and that makes it easy to eat over time
My Japanese pen pal Y. Yamamoto just adores Strawberry Pocky and tells me they're lovely icebreakers in stressful situations.
Mind you, I'm not sure I should believe Yohko-chan as she describes these situations, many of which involve her flying a space battleship and using time travel in a remarkably casula way, but I must admit they're entertaining reading. and the souvenier she sent me from that space Hot Springs was rather interesting -- although why you would make crocodiles that are just like bananas is completely beyond me.
Still, I want to date her friend Ruuan. She looks hot, in an amazingly ditzy sort of way....
I think this is a great product.  I enjoy the chocolate dip, caramel dip and this marshmallow dip with fruit, especially strawberries. 
I eat this on Peanut Butter Toast for breakfast everyday and love it. I think it's a great product. As good as regular marshmallow dip? Probably not. But, if you want a hint of marshmallow with no calories in one serving. It's good stuff.
I don't know what everyone else is talking about!  This  dip is delicious!  i like to put a scoop ontop of some sliced up strawberrys and YUMMY!  the chocolate is only okay, but this marshmellow tastes just like the real dip...its NOT supposed to tasts like marshmellow fluff or anything!  highly reccomended from a girl with a sweet tooth
wow, i thought they stopped making these! when i was younger i used to run up my street to the store just to buy some. they were so sour, but so good
I found this candy in the 7-eleven in my area two years ago and just loved it, i would eat so much my mouth would blister inside....but since last year have searched high and low but cant find it anywhere..can i order it myself and not go to a store....my kids love it as well and have tried other sour candys but none come clos
These things are insanely good.  I am a lover of sour candy and these are delicious.. very sour and you can either chew them up on suck on them till they're gone
I am a mom of four, who tries to balance a limited grocery budget with the healthiest food that my family can eat.  I keep making more and more changes as I gather more information and products like this become so readily available.  Anyway, I have been concerned about food dyes lately but still wanted my kids to be able to have some kind of a candy treat.  I thought I would give these a try.  I just got them yesterday.  I haven't given any to the kids yet (I am saving them for Christmas), but I also didn't want to wait until then and find out from the kids that they were horrible.  So, I performed my own taste test of three of the flavors, and I found them to be delicious.  I know the kids will love them! 
Dealing with an allery to corn isn't easy, but these lollipops sure make it seem a lot easier.  They're wonderfully flavored, organic, and made by a company who honestly cares about its customers.  These are a great find and a staple of my house. They're just awesome, its hard to believe they're corn-free
my friend told me how she loves these YummyEarth lollipops, so I bought a bag to share at work.  everyone loves them like crazy and we're almost done with them in just a few days.  really packed with great flavor.  different than other candy.  very fruity and real tasting, not like overly sugary fake flavor of regular candy.  just awesome taste.  pretty cool, too, that it's organic
Glad I got this stuff.  Nothing bad for you, and you can use it creatively to spice up, or sweeten up many different foods.  Tastes almost like the real thing
This product is great!  I love cinnamon sugar on my toast and bagels, but not all the calories.  I didn't want to just mix splenda and cinnamon together on my own since I didn't know what ratio to use.  I will definitely order this again when the 3 I bought are almost gone
I liked these.  I was prepared for an awful stench upon opening the package, but mine didn't smell at all.  I followed the instructions and was pleasantly suprised by the taste and unique (unique = good) texture.  These noodles weren't like pasta, but they were good.  I'll have no problem eating them agian.  As a matter of fact I thought they were quite delicious
I bought a few bags of these noodles after reading a very favorable review of them on the Hungry Girl website, and I am glad that I did.  They work well in a number of different recipes, are filling, and add a "calcium boost" to the dishes I use them in, for very few calories.  These are not "pasta" type noodles, of course - the texture is different (softer and kind of "slippery"), and they have virtually no flavor of their own - they take on the flavor of whatever sauce or dressing you use with them.  I probably won't use these noodles with European-style or American-style sauces such as marinara or cheese sauce - those types of sauces were created for grain-based pastas, which these are not.  On the other hand, these noodles are fine in such Asian recipes as Pad Thai, Lo Mein and Dan-Dan Noodes (basically, noodles in a spicy peanut or sesame sauce).  There are a lot of Asian-style recipes in cookbooks and on the Internet which are fairly easy to make, taste terrific, and work beautifully with these noodles.  You can prepare yourself a real treat, if you use these noodles in the types of recipes that work well with their texture, and for a fraction of the calories you'd eat if using regular noodles or rice.  In short, if you attempt something like spaghetti with meatballs or chicken cacciatore using these noodles, you're likely to be disappointed, but if you use them in Pad Thai, any type of curry, other Asian dishes, or most soups, you're likely to find yourself enjoying a delicious and wonderfully low-cal, low-carb meal. 
One thing - when you open the bag, there is a slight ammonia-like odor (it smells ammonia-like to me, anyway).  If you rinse the noodles well and then parboil them for a few minutes, as per the package directions, the odor really does disappear.  It is not a strong odor, it won't permeate your kitchen or anything like that, but you will definitely want to rinse and parboil the noodles before using them.  Just follow the package directions
It ain't spaghetti, folks, but used properly it can enhance your eating. It's great in a wet, soupy type dish. Eaten "as is" (after rinsing) the noodles are very soft and tender, too soft to pass for a dry Italian type pasta, unless you always cook dry pasta to death. Boiling them for a minute or two firms them up somewhat, but they never become as firm as a properly cooked dried pasta.
For the reviewer who said that pasta is out due to his/her type 2 diabetes... it's not! I'm in the same boat, and we can still enjoy pasta, we just need to measure it to control the carb servings and always use whole grain types to slow down the sugar load. I weigh out 2 oz. before cooking for 2 carb exchanges (the 1/2 cup serving measurement is absurd because different types of pasta will fill a cup differently), and I use bulkier additions like chunky vegetables and have a big salad on the side.The oil and vinegar salad dressing helps to further temper the blood sugar rush. Of course, if you eat lots of carbs for breakfast and lunch, don't plan on 2 carb servings of pasta for dinner. And I have given up the (white) Italian bread on the side! That's the worst part, but the pasta is at least do-able.
If you've missed your favorite pastas because of your low-carb diet, this definitely is the product for you. Though it doesn't have the starchy quality of pasta, it's a convincing substitute if you're don't mind sacrificing texture for a low-calorie, low-carb meal. Be sure to drain adequately before you top with a sauce, otherwise you end up with a slimy mess. Otherwise, I would recommend this product to anyone who misses pastas because of Atkins, South Beach, etc.
If you're expecting egg pasta made from the finest durum wheat, you'll be disappointed, but if you're a fan of japanese sukiyaki, stir-fry udon and chow fun these low carb subs will be right up your alley.  Also and excellent sub for pad thai dishes.  If the texture doesn't bother you, then go ahead and try it with your favorite western-style dishes.  
Shirataki (shredded konjac) really has no flavor itself, but like tofu, it absorbs flavors extremely well.  In addition to being low in calories and carbs, it's very good for your digestive system!  Eat up
I read about this product on the Hungry Girl website.  It listed Amazon as a supplier.  I read all the reviews and decided to place an order.  It took longer than I expected to arrive, since I had to pay extra shipping I thought it would be here sooner.  The extra shipping must have been  for the cool pack in the box it was shipped in.
The noodles were a little chewier than regular pasta.  But like regular pasta the didn't really have a taste of their own and took on the taste of what ever sauce you use.  I really did like them.  Being diabetic, it is a great pasta alternative that will not raise my blood sugar.  And I didn't find a unpleasant smell when I opened the bag as another reviewer wrote. Just the same I did rinse them well.
I have since found them in a local health food store so I won't have to pay the high shipping any more.  I have not been able to find the spaghetti type anywhere, only the flat noodle type and I would really like to try the spaghetti.  
I would recommend this product to any one that wants a lower carb, lower calorie pasta
The title really says it all! I make a point to keep a soup can packed with these next to the pencil cup on my desk. I haven't gotten the two confused yet
these are so good, my mom buys them all the time. i went to school with them one time and got my ex- friend addicted to them
What fun marvel like great fun with honor. It make many question arise at where to buy but now you can find surmises here with most of all in Amazon quest.  It make good yum-yum with delicacies in terrific super fun of happy times.  It even go with most of everything you spontaneously can flamely cook in oven device of your home, put right with right away, a-ok, number one! It go very well, very far and good for all.  Chow down now for the best
Come on America! What ever happened to trendiness. Albiet I got my Pocky from a local Walmart, but geeze! It is so good and has very few sugars for how much chocolate is on each stick. Sure it is a tad pricy being at around 88 cents for about 14 Pocky sticks, but once you taste it you NEVER will want to go back to Oreos. 
Pocky: The snackfood of the current Japan, of the future Americ
so i was just thinking one day about cheese and i says to myself, i says to me like.. it was something like this i go
 "i beg amazon half good selection for it and me" so i then say this french chese AND I ORDERED IT RIGHT AWAY!
 i dont half it yet in the mall bet i bet its going to be bes chees i every have
I can't stop eating these babie!
They're good companion for watching a movie at home.
Don't forget to bring some to the office
This was a no brainer for my pregnant daughter!  When those cravings kicked in, she had plenty of treats!  Also used them for snacks with lunches.  Buy baggies to sort in individual serving sizes
When i got my gummi bears, they were kinda stuck together and kinda hard. but it's still good.
These gummis are by far the best; the taste is tart and sweet, and the consistency is yes, gummy but not sticky. The bears resist the teeth with a pleasant rubbery consistency. And the outside is lightly dusted to prevent sticking together--however, they will melt with high temperatures in the Texas summer. They are nice mixed in trail mix for hiking, by the way.
A five pound bag is a lot, but if you pack a few every day in the kids' lunch bags, they will disappear. They are great for teaching counting, too. Or getting things done. Put a bowl of gummis out and an empty bowl next to it. When one task is done, put a gummi in the empty bowl. At the end of your list, eat the gummis. Yummi
The first time I encountered Haribo Gummi Bears was when I went to Germany for a semester overseas. I won a bag of these as a classroom prize.
At first, I thought these were going to be ordinary gummy bears, but, boy was I wrong. These candies truly are a step above all other gummy bears. In Germany, this is THE brand of gummy bears. Competitors' bags are sold at much lower prices, but few people buy them - and that's because the difference in quality and taste is noticeable. The other people's reviews regarding sweetness and softness are accurate. Haribo has found the perfect combination.
During the rest of my stay in Germany, I became a huge consumer of Haribo candies. Haribo sells other gummy candies, but their "Gold Bears" are the best.
When I returned to beautiful America, I was disappointed to find that Haribo is not so easy to acquire. They are sold online at other stores at decent prices but after shipping, the cost was quite steep.
I am truly excited to see these bears offered on Amazon with free super-saver shipping.
If you have never had Haribo Gummi Bears, you really need to try some. A 5-pound bag seems like a large quantity, but I promise, you will not be disappointed
I can hardly express in words how I feel about these bears.  Haribo Gold-Bears are absolutely charming.  They're a little taste of heaven.  I like them frozen
I am a huge black licorice fan, however I don't think I'd really experienced black licorice until I had Panda black licorice. Great, intense licorice flavoring, extremely addictive.  If I open up a box, I find it very hard to stop munching until the box is empty!  Delicious
 It was good to be able to buy a hard to find item at a reasonable price
These noodles are traditional for sukiyaki but work well as oriental noodles or even chicken soup noodles. And made of tofu, they won't add carbs to your diet. I find I cannot eat processed starch--upsets my stomach, so these are a total lifesaver. And the slightly slippery soft texture is soothing. Love'em
I was actually anxiously waiting to try these since the reviews were mixed but I am soooooo glad I did try them bec now i am hooked!!!! Yes, they are a bit expensive when compared to pasta but i think of it as paying some extra bucks to remove some pounds off! I make sure I rinse them really well in cold water right before I boil them for around 5 minutes which removes all the bad smell! I just add some marinara sauce and it is a done deal! I found the texture to be actually good , like a firmer version of the ramen noodles! I think these make an excellent snack or meal!
I stumbled on these in Whole Foods and decided to buy a couple of packages.  I have NEVER been disappointed with anything I have eaten them with.  Maybe it's because I am a heck of a cook! :-) This are not pasta they ARE tofu. If you are looking for something to be negative and skeptical about YOU WILL FIND IT.  I could eat these noodles with home made spaghetti sauce every single day!  Go ahead, try them for yourself...If you have an open mind, you will NOT be disappointed!  Also, the shipping should not be a bad reflection on the quality/taste of the product it's self. This stuff is GREAT...look for them in a store near you so you won't have to worry about the shipping... 
My husband is a big fan of this instant tea and always claims that it got rid of his cold/sickness right away. I have always thought that he exaggerated it until I was so cold and feeling really sick after a 2 hr working outdoor in the cold. The first thing I did after I came home was making a cup of hot ginger instant tea (which take me about 5 sec) and drank it right way. I have to admit, it is like a miracle! My nose almost stopped running right away. My headache was also so much better. I could feel the warmth running down and really warmed up my whole body. 
The tea is very pleasant, not too spicy and not too sweet either. It is extremely tasty. I highly recommend this tea to anyone who need to go out a lot, or use it to guard you from winter sickness
That's right, I just opened one up and got a temporary tattoo of a Toucan no less!  This ALMOST makes up for the lack of cool plastic toy, but since we'll never see the cool toy again, I'll take this over bizarre sticker any day
I bought this over 6 months ago from an Asian food store. It is so good! It's really cool how the rice paper melts in your mouth. I gave some to my little cousins and they loved it. It's a wonderful thing to suck on and it's not very sticky either. It also comes with a sticker or a tatoo.
This candy is the best and once you have it.. you will always long for it! The candy is wonderful and the rice paper that melts in your mouth is a novelty and delicious. There is a temporary tattoo with these candies. Thank you Amazon.com for making it easier to find
I have been suffering from nausea for about six months now and have tried it all. I decided to order your chews and some crystalized Ginger and it works. I finally figured out it was my gallbladder and soon I will be nauseous free but thank goodness for my Ginger Chews.
I buy These ginger chews for when I feel sick to my stomach.  They really help
This has a wonderfully intense ginger flavor, without managing to be overwhelming.  I cannot speak about its effectiveness in combatting motion sickness, though it did do a good job settling an upset stomach.  That being said, whatever ends up getting you interested in this product, whether it be the flavor or the other properties of ginger, this is definitely a candy you will want in your candy dish, desk, etc.  My only suggestion is to buy more than one at a time, because the flavor is so good that you will go through these rather quickly
I love this product.  It is not super sweet like American sweets, but just right.  It tastes like drinking green tea iced tea.  Very refreshing with only one.  These Japanese foods are high on flavor and it makes it so easy to eat just a few.  I am dieting, so I like something I am not prone to over eat.  They do have hydrogenated oils so that is not good, but I hear there is something about possibly getting it out.  Another interesting ingredient was shea great for lotion and a nut butter that tastes good too I know now.  Very good refreshing after meal taste.  One is even satisfiying and I mean one stick. Not one individual pack.  They come in small packs so they are easy to take on the go.  Enjoy
Yummy Green Tea Pocky!!!!!  Just make sure you purchase this in the fall/winter months, otherwise it'll melt in the mail.  I would've given this 5 stars, had the Pocky not melted together into a lump
I love green tea pocky. it's flavour is indescribable! it's sweet, yet light. you can only eat a few though, before it's enough for ya. 
I'd suggest that everyone try these, they're that good. :D 
also, the strawberry pocky with little chunks on them are awesome too. ^_^ try them
Pocky are good if your a new to the japanese sugar covered biscut style of food. i perfer yan yan i believe they have more substance. but are more messy if you dont have biscut dipping skills. 
I like this because it tastes like drinking green iced tea.  It has a great taste and is not super sweet.  I find it refreshing and cleansing of the palate.  Unlike the other person I am not addicted, but am satisfied with one piece and that is what is great about so many asian candies.  If you like green tea I think you will like these.  I drink unsweatened tea all the time and this was like drinking it.  Nice refreshing candy.  Individually wrapped like many japanese candies and that makes it easy to eat over time
I don't even like tea, but these candies are delicious. On first taste, they're a little bitter and weird tasting as you absorb the green tea powder coating. As you continue eating the candy, it develops into a chewy tasty gummy type candy. Very tasty and definitely grows on you! One warning, they're not a healthy snack, so watch out how many the you and the kids eat
this is my first asian food purchase with pier mall, and my first review here at amazon as well... these matcha candies get better and better with each one- i can see how they could become quite addictive! individually wrapped and matcha powder coated, this flavor takes some getting used... the outside is kind of hard underneath the powder, and then the inside is all chewy and decadent- YUMMY - actually, i think i'm already addicted!! also, nice to travel with or put in your bag- these won't melt or make a mess.
obviously the cheese is sent in a cooler box to keep it fresh and ready to be consumed by the customer dillon you idiot!
who the hell gives a piece of cheese as a gift what a dope!
i would rather have packaging that protects and saves my investment rather than looks pretty and Dillon the moron talks about french cheese My last name is Ouellette you cant get more french than that Dumbass
The taste is really great it is a bitter chocolate and tastes like one that is expensive high end to me.  Mens is the name perhaps because the 2 individual packs are so big.  When I first saw that I wondered if this was a musk candy like they have in australia.  Nope these are for everyone.  It is an easy way to have an easy dose of chocolate.  I cannot eat a whole pack just one stick at a time.  Share this with some friends.  Would be fun to have these for a party
When most of reviewers praise other pocky, this is really so much better: it is more slender with richer chocolate. It actually has more sticks than almost all other pocky types. The chocolate is slightly bitter than the red chocolate pocky, but no too much. Very balanced. If you love chocolate, this is definitly better... Worth trying
As it say so astutely on box of glowing color, this yum-yum Pocky is for men only. It not good or happy for womens to consume. Do not dare to ask why for that journey will not be pleasant.  Only accept and then you will see the joys of Pocky.  This Pocky for men.  Get other Pocky for womens.  Then two can be most happiness in joy of whirlwinds
We just tried this excellent cheese sampler package...The quality is superb,  and i have just ordered their 4 pound package...The cheeses are of excellent quality..You cant go wrong...An excellent buy..5 star rated
Fast and easy communication. Great customer service, and most importantly - great authentic selection of cheeses. After tasting this one, I've immediately went on to try more and could hardly resist all the quality selection they've provided. Highly recommend!
My Japanese pen pal Y. Yamamoto just adores Strawberry Pocky and tells me they're lovely icebreakers in stressful situations.
Mind you, I'm not sure I should believe Yohko-chan as she describes these situations, many of which involve her flying a space battleship and using time travel in a remarkably casula way, but I must admit they're entertaining reading. and the souvenier she sent me from that space Hot Springs was rather interesting -- although why you would make crocodiles that are just like bananas is completely beyond me.
Still, I want to date her friend Ruuan. She looks hot, in an amazingly ditzy sort of way....
First of all, I do agree with the above reviewers who thought this wasn't a great fruit dip. Second, there's very little marshmallow flavor-this stuff is NOTHING like regular marshmallow fluff. 
However, I still give this 5 stars, because it's got features you can't get anywhere else. The texture is smooth pudding (Grainy reviewer perhaps ate his past the expiration date?) and that's mainly how I use this. Because of the slightly sharp taste of the cellulose, this dip lends itself very well to making citrus puddings (just add about 1/4 cup lemon concentrate and stir, doesn't get any easier than that). I also use it to make cheesecake and other dessert recipes. 
To actually make a good fruit dip out of this, try mixing it with yogurt or cream cheese
I don't know what everyone else is talking about!  This  dip is delicious!  i like to put a scoop ontop of some sliced up strawberrys and YUMMY!  the chocolate is only okay, but this marshmellow tastes just like the real dip...its NOT supposed to tasts like marshmellow fluff or anything!  highly reccomended from a girl with a sweet tooth
The product arrived quickly and I like this product, but because we live in South Texas it was melted and had to be put in the refrigerator
This italian gift basket,captures the feeling of italy,at it best...When you send this to family or friends,they will definitly,feel the love and warmth,of italy,and is sure to please...5 star recommended..
wow, i thought they stopped making these! when i was younger i used to run up my street to the store just to buy some. they were so sour, but so good
I found this candy in the 7-eleven in my area two years ago and just loved it, i would eat so much my mouth would blister inside....but since last year have searched high and low but cant find it anywhere..can i order it myself and not go to a store....my kids love it as well and have tried other sour candys but none come clos
Can't go wrong here.  Intense flavor and impressive ingredients.  I love 'em and everyone I give them to loves them.  Get a load of these ingredients:  organic evaporated cane juice, organic tapioca syrup (no sulfites added), non-GMO citric acid (from non-GMO sugar beet), organic & natural flavors* (watermelon, pomegranate, orange oils, lemon oils, raspberry), organic & natural colors (red cabbage, purple carrots). * = Cheeky Lemon, Wet-Face Watermelon, Pomegranate Pucker, Orange Squeeze, & upcoming Mango Tango flavor contain some amount of orange or lemon or citrus oils (0.58% of the natural flavor formula of watermelon is derived from lemon oil). Safflower oil is in the Wet-Face Watermelon and upcoming Mango Tango.  HOLY COW!!!  AND THEY'RE REALLY REALLY GOOD!
This is the candy our two boys ask for the most. And their friends (and their parents) love them, too.  We gave them out for Halloween and had rave reviews back from neighbors. It's great to be able to give out candy to trick or treaters and to guests that we know won't hurt anyone (no peanuts, no corn, no artificial anything). Just great taste!  Rock on, Yummy Earth.
I am a mom of four, who tries to balance a limited grocery budget with the healthiest food that my family can eat.  I keep making more and more changes as I gather more information and products like this become so readily available.  Anyway, I have been concerned about food dyes lately but still wanted my kids to be able to have some kind of a candy treat.  I thought I would give these a try.  I just got them yesterday.  I haven't given any to the kids yet (I am saving them for Christmas), but I also didn't want to wait until then and find out from the kids that they were horrible.  So, I performed my own taste test of three of the flavors, and I found them to be delicious.  I know the kids will love them! 
These lollipops are intense & delicious.  My kids love them, and so do my co-workers
Dealing with an allery to corn isn't easy, but these lollipops sure make it seem a lot easier.  They're wonderfully flavored, organic, and made by a company who honestly cares about its customers.  These are a great find and a staple of my house. They're just awesome, its hard to believe they're corn-free
my friend told me how she loves these YummyEarth lollipops, so I bought a bag to share at work.  everyone loves them like crazy and we're almost done with them in just a few days.  really packed with great flavor.  different than other candy.  very fruity and real tasting, not like overly sugary fake flavor of regular candy.  just awesome taste.  pretty cool, too, that it's organic
This is a very good product. It keeps you from having to try to mix your own cinnamon and sweetener. It's good for a lot of things for those who can't have sugar. My favorite is cinnamon toast. I will reorder it when I am out of it. It's so nice to have something with Splenda instead of aspartame
This product is great!  I love cinnamon sugar on my toast and bagels, but not all the calories.  I didn't want to just mix splenda and cinnamon together on my own since I didn't know what ratio to use.  I will definitely order this again when the 3 I bought are almost gone
I bought a few bags of these noodles after reading a very favorable review of them on the Hungry Girl website, and I am glad that I did.  They work well in a number of different recipes, are filling, and add a "calcium boost" to the dishes I use them in, for very few calories.  These are not "pasta" type noodles, of course - the texture is different (softer and kind of "slippery"), and they have virtually no flavor of their own - they take on the flavor of whatever sauce or dressing you use with them.  I probably won't use these noodles with European-style or American-style sauces such as marinara or cheese sauce - those types of sauces were created for grain-based pastas, which these are not.  On the other hand, these noodles are fine in such Asian recipes as Pad Thai, Lo Mein and Dan-Dan Noodes (basically, noodles in a spicy peanut or sesame sauce).  There are a lot of Asian-style recipes in cookbooks and on the Internet which are fairly easy to make, taste terrific, and work beautifully with these noodles.  You can prepare yourself a real treat, if you use these noodles in the types of recipes that work well with their texture, and for a fraction of the calories you'd eat if using regular noodles or rice.  In short, if you attempt something like spaghetti with meatballs or chicken cacciatore using these noodles, you're likely to be disappointed, but if you use them in Pad Thai, any type of curry, other Asian dishes, or most soups, you're likely to find yourself enjoying a delicious and wonderfully low-cal, low-carb meal. 
One thing - when you open the bag, there is a slight ammonia-like odor (it smells ammonia-like to me, anyway).  If you rinse the noodles well and then parboil them for a few minutes, as per the package directions, the odor really does disappear.  It is not a strong odor, it won't permeate your kitchen or anything like that, but you will definitely want to rinse and parboil the noodles before using them.  Just follow the package directions
It ain't spaghetti, folks, but used properly it can enhance your eating. It's great in a wet, soupy type dish. Eaten "as is" (after rinsing) the noodles are very soft and tender, too soft to pass for a dry Italian type pasta, unless you always cook dry pasta to death. Boiling them for a minute or two firms them up somewhat, but they never become as firm as a properly cooked dried pasta.
For the reviewer who said that pasta is out due to his/her type 2 diabetes... it's not! I'm in the same boat, and we can still enjoy pasta, we just need to measure it to control the carb servings and always use whole grain types to slow down the sugar load. I weigh out 2 oz. before cooking for 2 carb exchanges (the 1/2 cup serving measurement is absurd because different types of pasta will fill a cup differently), and I use bulkier additions like chunky vegetables and have a big salad on the side.The oil and vinegar salad dressing helps to further temper the blood sugar rush. Of course, if you eat lots of carbs for breakfast and lunch, don't plan on 2 carb servings of pasta for dinner. And I have given up the (white) Italian bread on the side! That's the worst part, but the pasta is at least do-able.
 Having begged a local super market WEGMANS in Buffalo NY suburbs,I found this product in the refrigerated isle w/yogurt and procesed and packaged ready to eat heat and serve items.
 Texture was not exactley what I expected,but knowing that being a type II diabetic put regular spagetti out of reach (too high in carbs.)I ate the treat with my favorite sauce,then proceeded to put on my shoes and drive directley to the supermarket to purchase another pound of SHIRATAKI Spagetti for my next planned sauce meal.
 This product is great for me because I eat alone several times a week , it is easy to prepare and is satisfying .
 I do have a problem with the high cost $1.99 per pound,but I will use this product again just not as often as I would like.
If you've missed your favorite pastas because of your low-carb diet, this definitely is the product for you. Though it doesn't have the starchy quality of pasta, it's a convincing substitute if you're don't mind sacrificing texture for a low-calorie, low-carb meal. Be sure to drain adequately before you top with a sauce, otherwise you end up with a slimy mess. Otherwise, I would recommend this product to anyone who misses pastas because of Atkins, South Beach, etc.
My mother lives in a rural part of the country in Ohio (she is a native of Thailand) anyway being in a small town, it is not easy to find Thai anything, this makes it so easy to send a little taste of home to her, at her front door.  Prompt shipping and packing
 this curry assortment is a great way to sample different curries at a very affordable price and curry pastes are a very quick and easy way to spice up almost any dish
10 stars! I haven't had a fluffernutter since I became a diabetic, which was about 40 years ago. This stuff is too good to be true...no aftertaste, great consistency..
yes!  yes!  yes!  this marshmallow cream is amazing.  i'm diabetic with an enormous sweet tooth and this stuff is a g-dsend.  sooo yummy and sweet without that weird, cloying aftertaste or mouthfeel.  just marshmallow goodness.  i'm sure, as other reviewers have suggested, it has many uses.  maybe i'll discover some of them with my next batch; the first batch got eaten plain -- it was *that* good.  (i am thinking of bringing it camping so that when the rest of the family has their s'mores around the campfire, i can make a little tin foil packet of my own with this, chocolate and graham crackers and rest it in the coals.  how good would that be?!
WOW! What else can I say. This is some amazing tasting marshmallow. I made fluffer nutter sandwiches for the first time in almost 10 years! I never thought I would be able to do that again! I don't know what amazed me more, the incredible taste and marshmallow made without sugar and other artificial flavors or the fact that when I called to find out if I could buy it local I was informed that it was only available direct from this company and that they would be making fresh marshmallow the next day if I wanted to order more.....you mean it doesnt spend 6 months in a warehouse and a couple of months on a supermarket shelf? WOW! This really is the best thing since sliced bread, at least in my book it is. I was also told it works well to make rice crispy treats, I'll try that with my next tub! I'm so excited about finding this little treat
If you have to avoid sugar and miss marshmallow life is good again. This marshmallow is delicious, has the perfect consistency and lasts and lasts. Hot chocolate, fluffer butter sandwiches, home made sugar free rocky road ice cream - you can have it all now!!! Plus the people at A Bountiful Harvest are wonderful.
Great product! My only real concern is the high sugar content, but it sure does taste good
This product is exactly as it is described.  Wonderful tasting and delicious.  Too bad it doesn't come in a bigger container
i wanted to get someone an assortment of teas for the holidays, and this was the perfect combo. they're really enjoying trying all the different kinds.
****
Tazo Assorted Black and Green Teas and Herbal Infusions includes one or two of each:
AWAKE:  plain ordinary black tea, a little bitter
CALM:  nice chamomile tea
CHAI BLACK TEA:  an okay chai black tea with caffeine
CHINA GREEN TIPS:  great green tea experience, Tazo's best, no "natural flavorings"
DECAFFEINATED CHAI: an okay chai black tea without caffeine
EARL GREY BLACK TEA:  a disappointing perfumy, intense, black tea experience 
LOTUS:  decaf green tea with lotus flower, one of my favorite Tazo's
PASSION HERBAL INFUSION:  hibiscus-y, intense, caffeine-free, and luxurious
WILD SWEET ORANGE:  orange herbal tea, some complex overtones perhaps
ZEN:  mild, relaxed green tea
Their ingredients include: black tea, green tea, hibiscus flowers, chamomile flowers, lemongrass, citric acid, natural flavors, spearmint leaves, blackberry leaves, cinnamon, rooibos, ginger root, rose hips, orange peel, rose petals, licorice root, safflower, black pepper, lemon verbena leaves, cardamom, cloves, peppermint leaves, chicory, sarsaparilla root, lemon balm leaf, star anise, and red poppy flowers. 
Tazo is an interesting company that makes only super premium teas. They are socially responsible, based in Portland, and have the motto, "The Reincarnation of Tea". Tazo is owned by Starbucks. Their web site is fun and quirky, with a Zen-type focus, definitely worth checking out. It is unclear, though, from their web site, how many of their ingredients are organic or kosher, and they do use some "natural flavors" in their teas--this wording seems a little vague for a super premium tea. In general I'm not a big fan of tea with flavorings added, preferring the subtleness and authentic taste of the real thing.
Overall, the green teas seem good. The herbal infusions are fine. The black teas tend to turn bitter if you don't brew them very briefly...even then they have bitter overtones. Tazo's assortment, and Tazo teas in general, are fine---better than premium teas like Stash or Celestial Seasonings---but not anywhere near as good as Numi, or Aspen, or other super premium teas made with only "real" ingredients and minus all of the flavorings. I'm more used to these high quality teas, which Tazo attempts to be, but disappoints...so overall Tazo Assorted gets a 3.5 to a 4. For this review, I'm rounding up, since so many people seem to enjoy these teas, and I'm in the clear minority. If your tea experience so far is drinking commercial teas of a lower quality, no doubt Tazo's teas will appeal to you, as they are a great improvement. They have a lot of variety and many interesting tea experiences. If you don't enjoy Tazo's teas, though, know that there are many, many teas made with all real ingredients, teas that cost only a fraction more, that may be just the thing you were looking for. 
***
This is one of the nicest tea assortments to keep on hand for yourself or visitors.
Awake is a great quality, sweet black Assam tea. By sweet, I mean it is not too astringent or bitter.
Calm is a chamomile-lavender blend, very distinctive
There is a green tea, a mint, and other flavors that will please nearly anyone. You can try these teas to see what are your favorites (the fine Earl Grey?) and this is also great to keep in your office or home for treating guests to whatever tea they may prefer
My first Tazo experience included a box of interesting items from a friend and packets of Tazo Green Ginger tea, which was slightly bitter and delicious with orange blossom honey.
This box of Assorted Teas: 
Awake - Keeps you very, very awake!
Calm - Chamomile
China Green Tips
Earl Grey - Perfumed
Tazo Chai - Spicy
Passion - hibiscus flowers and orange for a calming blend
Decaffeinated Tazo Chai
Wild Sweet Orange - really delicious when blended with Lotus and poured over ice
Lotus
Zen - Nice alternative to black tea and has a lemon verbena,
spearmint and lemongrass twist. 
The ingredients include: Black tea, green tea, hibiscus flowers, chamomile flowers, lemongrass, spearmint leaves, blackberry leaves, cinnamon, Rooibos, Gingerroot, rose hips, orange peel, rose petals, licorice root, safflowers, black pepper, lemon verbena leaves, cardamom, cloves, peppermint leaves, chicory, sarsaparilla root, lemon balm leaf, star anise and red poppy flowers. 
I use 16 ounces of water and two tea bags for each experience. When you drink these teas you can transcend reality for moments at a time and that is all the truth I need about these teas. Some of these teas even evoke a sense of wonder. 
Warning: HIGHLY ADDICTIVE TEAS. Once you taste these teas, you will want to try them all and forever be on a search for new Tazo teas. Fortunately they have enough tea blends to entertain you for years. 
~TheRebeccaReview.com 
I am a native Memphian and familiar with Aunt Lizzie.  Aunt Lizzie has outdone herself with these crunchy delicious cheese straws.  You must try them!  Well worth it for your favorite low carber
GREAT STUFF, BUT KEEP A SUGAR FREE SODA OR LOW CARB BEER HANDY, BECAUSE YOU WILL NEED 'EM!
As an avid follower of the Atkins low-carb lifestyle, I am continuously searching for the perfect snack that I can enjoy as much as I want without straying from the diet guidelines.  Thank you Aunt Lizzie's for producing such a delicious high quality zero-carb snack.  I can't get enough of these
If you're doing a low-carb diet or looking for snack foods that won't trigger a glycemic reaction, try these amazing cheese snacks.  They are very delicate and pastry-like, crumbling in your mouth. Very savory -- no sweetness. Aunt Lizzie is on to something, and these are a no-compromise low-carb snack
I used to buy this tea when I was a kid, and could no longer get it.  Found it at Amazon, and it couldn't have been easier to get.  This is wonderful, aromatic tea that makes the whole house smell great when you brew it, and it's so delicious - falls in the category of "comfort food"
This is my favorite tea.  It's strong and spicy, and to me tastes like cinnamon and orange.  I prefer it hot but like it cold, especially in the summer.  I think it's the best thing on winter mornings
My first experiance with MarketSpice Tea was on a cold day in Alaska. It's warming, tastes great, and is just what's needed on a cold day. 
I discribe the tea as orange flavored with a "bite" It's aroma fills a room creating a warm feeling
My husband and I were introduced to Market Spice Tea in 1984 while we were living for a few months in Seattle.  We loved it and, upon our return to Jamesville, NY, begain to regularly order it.  Many of our friends now order it, too.  It is an ideal hot drink in the winter and equally good iced in the summer.  23 years and counting it is still our favorite tea
Market Spice Tea is the name of the signature blend and the tea company that has been producing it since the early 1900's in Pike Place Market in Seattle. It is black tea flavored with cinnamon, orange peel and essential oils. It is naturally sweet but contains no sugar or sweetener. 
Many people who don't like tea, love it. It is very fragrant and is great hot or iced. If you are used to drinking black tea with no flavor or sweetener you may prefer to blend it with a plain black tea as it is a very strongly flavored tea. Taste it before sweetening it. 
You should buy it in small quantities because it contains no preservatives and the citrus oils can go "off" after six months or so. You should also make sure not to store it or serve it in plastic or styrofoam as the citrus oils react with them.
Tea, of course, is a matter of taste and this one fits my taste to a tee (p.i.). I'm generally not a tea drinker but was first given this product as a gift. That was five years ago and I'm hooked. We even moved to Europe and I get it sent over here
I lived in Seattle for almost 20 years.  However, in all that time, and even going down to the Pike Place Market at least 2 or 3 times a year (we lived far east of town), I never "knowingly" drank MarketSpice Tea.  However, we moved to North Carolina and "discovered" this wonderful drink.  We also became avid tea drinkers.  A good part of that conversion, was due to MarketSpice Tea.
The flavors are spicey, pungent, smack you up side the head intense.  If you like Lipton, you won't like this.  We use the loose tea only.  Yes, it's a little more of a hassle compared to tea bags, but worth it due to the freshness, flavor, etc.
Also, until the our last purchase, which was from Amazon, we always ordered from MarketSpice themselves.  They're great people, they always shipped what I wanted, etc.  I'll never buy from them directly again.  They don't want to move into the 21st Century when it concerns automation and I respect that.  However, I have.  Amazon gives me the capability to do both; order my favorite tea and do so online, with a company that remembers my address, credit card, etc.
I can wholeheartdly recommend this product and ordering through Amazon.  If you like tea, you owe it to yourself to try this product.
My sister (who reviewed the MST bags) turned me on to this tea in January.
I was a chai girl up to that point, a cup in the morning.  I could generally take it or leave it.
Now no day is complete without my beloved MST.  I began with bags, which are amazing.  I upped it to loose tea pound bags and have become a total tea person.  I do believe I will branch out this time and order some rooibos and green versions--may as well make the shipping charge worth the time.
I can't say enough about this sweet, spicy stuff.  It needs nothing but one enormous cup because a little one just won't do.  Prepare to become addicted.  Oh, and I've lost a lot of weight, too, because I no longer drink coffee with creamers and truly have no sweet cravings anymore.  If that doesn't justify buying it by the pound, nothing will!  Enjoy this amazing brew!  And share it with a friend
Of all teas I've tried, this is my favorite; sweet, powerful, and fragrant, MarketSpice is the answer for many moods and cravings.  I prefer this tea hot, steeped for 5+ minutes, but its good cold as well-although I've found adding any sweeteners to this tea can make it too overwhelming.  Be warned: if you only like very subtle white teas, this may not be for you . . . but it has converted many a non-tea-drinker friend of mine into looseleaf addicts
I was always hunting for popcorn salt in markets and only occasionally finding it....this is just what I wanted and in a large enough size to be economical and last for a whil
I've been trying to buy this off the shelf and just could not find it (for, like, 2 years).  I mainly wanted it for texture -- table salt is not fine enough.  This stuff is so fine it completely changes the flavors.  I wouldn't have believed it myself
This is a great product.  It's texture makes it perfect for other things besides popcorn.  With salt in so many products, I don't worry about the lack of iodine in this salt.  After all, it's not like you eat it everyday.  In fact, it sticks so well you can actually use less.  Good product
I love this salt and use it on my french fries as well as on popcorn.  It is not as good as fleur de sel or some of the other "gourmet" salts, but it is only 15 cents per ounce, not 15 dollars.  Note that this salt is flaked, unlike the normal crystals for which Diamond Salt is known.  It absolutely CLINGS to the surface of the popcorn, fries, and other similarly-textured foods MUCH better.  It has a cleaner taste than some of the brown or grey sea salts and CLEAN is always good in my book.  
As a treat, I sometimes Iick the tip of my index finger, sprinkle a little of this on it, and then pretend like I'm getting ready to do a mini tequilla shooter, but without the lime.  Almost like a couple of hours on the beach.
I can only give it four stars instead of five because it is NOT IODIZED and you could end  up looking just like a frog with big goiter things on your neck if you don't get enough iodine.  This is not a problem for people who eat a lot of seafood, but if you live in the Midwest far from the ocean it could cause some difficulties
Try something different.  Forget microwave popcorn for a few weeks and try this four-pack just once.  At the very least, you'll have a new food experience, but what you might get is a new family tradition.  It's worth it.
My wife and I received a four-pack of Fireworks Popcorn last year with these four flavors, and because we are huge fans of stovetop-popping popcorn, it was a definite treat.  We love watching movies, and it's a weekend tradition to make a giant tub of popcorn and jump on the couch.
This 4-pack is a fantastic way to discover the differences in types of popcorn, and there really are subtle differences.  There is a description of the flavor on each bottle, and the bottles also tell you about the size and robustness of the finished product.  
As gourmet as any other gourmet popcorn I've ever tried, the kernels pop up nice and big and almost every kernel pops.  The flavors augment a good low-fat butter spray if that's your fancy.  I'm very much looking forward to receiving the 8-flavor sampler!
Personally, I pop mine in olive oil with a few dashes of garlic-infused oil and/or the red spicy olive oil and a little salt.  That is something you can't do in a microwave!  If you've never popped popcorn on a stove before and you're intimidated... no worries.  Pour in enough popcorn to cover the bottom of the pot, add enough olive oil cover up about half the height of the kernels, shake it over the heat until the popping almost stops, and pour out the popcorn into a bowl asap.  Practice makes perfect, and you don't need much practice at all... maybe just one try!
Honestly, for the labor of about 90 seconds on the stove and one pot to wash, you turn an evening of TV-viewing or movie watching into an event.  The kids will love it, and as a grown-up kid, I highly recommend it.  I have fond memories of my dad making popcorn for the three kids on Saturday nights, and this is a good product to make those memories
This glitter looks great on cookies, frosted or not!  I love it!  Thanks
I bought these steaks the other day and cooked them on Easter for my wife and I.  All I can say is, UMMMMMMMMMMM!  With a lite coating of koshers salt and pepper, drizzeled a little bit of EVOO ontop and layed them on the grill on a nice high flame.  They were cooked to perfection in about 10 minutes!  I just went back and orderd 12 more since they are on sale right now
There is no better way to drive home T.S. Eliot's "The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock" than to hold a peach and read:
"Shall I part my hair behind? Do I dare to eat a peach?	[CHOMP]
I shall wear white flannel trousers, and walk upon the beach."
(And shall I dare yet again to eat a peach and teach?) [MUNCH MUNCH]
"I have heard the mermaids singing, each to each."
(But I do not care to preach; I only dare to eat a peach.) [SLURP]
It gives me an intelligent excuse to snack while I'm lecturing
On a hot summer's day, after a hard day at work, there's nothing I want more than a delicious fruit from the beautiful Prunus persica. Amazon offers this convenient 4-pack, great for sharing with your crew.
The scrumptious peach is one of my top 10 favorite fruits, right behind Bananas, Strawberries, Apples, Grapes, Watermelon, Tomatoes, Blueberries, Blackberries and Nectarines.  Then you've got the peach.  Georgia knew what it was doing when it was selecting it's state fruit!
If you could condense heaven into a colorful, 3" diameter sphere, it would be a peach.  They are candies that grow on trees, are picked by angel-elves, and teleported directly to your local grocery store to avoid blemishes.  One day I was eating a peach while walking downhill and caused a peach-juice-slide.  Everybody on the sidewalk jumped on the slide and it carried them down to a radiant peach-pool at the bottom, which everyone splashed into with a wave of orgasmic bliss.
Said best by the Presidents of the United States of America,  "Nature's candy in my hand, can or pie.
Like an apricot, but better, in my opinion. The downy fuzz, the sweet juicy flesh, there really is nothing like a good peach. I think they are best on their own, though some like to cut them up in a fruit salad or make a peach melba. That is fine, but I would strongly advise against cooking them. In my opinion, this is a waste of a good peach. A friend of mine swears by his baked peaches with demerera sugar and cinnamon, but he is a savage and a charlatan.
To conclude, peaches are without doubt one of the finest fruits around. There are few things as satisfying as a sweet ripe peach on a sunny day.
Earl Grey is supposedly the second most popular tea in the world. Traditionally Earl Grey is created from a blend of black teas, usually Chinese and Indian teas, sometimes with a smokey flavor, and scented with the citrus fruit bergamot. Earl Grey tea has an interesting history. Legend has it that the first tea scented with bergamot oil was presented to Lord Grey from a Chinese mandarin whose son was saved from drowning by one of Lord Grey's men. Twinings and Jacksons of Piccadilly both claim to be the first to have commercially blended this tea.
Tazo shows considerable expertise in the blend of this top quality tea. The black teas utilized are as the box states "the worlds most sought after teas from the high-elevation gardens of Nuwara Eliya, Uva and Dimbula in Sri Lanka and Assam in northeast India." They provide the perfect complement to the strong bergamot essence in this blend. The fragrance is powerfully floral, in particular lavender, citrus, and the woodsy-malt scent of premium black tea. The flavor of this splendid potion is rich and perfumed. A tasty sensual delight!
Earl Grey is traditionally served black, sometimes with lemon. I prefer it with cream. On a warning note, if you keep this tea in the cupboard for too long it will get old--the taste becomes very thin and harsh. Brew it from fresh teabags and you won't be disappointed
I'm a great fan of Earl Grey tea and have enjoyed starting my morning with a cup o' the grand stuff for nearly fifteen years. As it happens I am in very good company in this practice along with the likes of Captain Picard and the eponymous Earl Charles Grey himself. Earl Grey is one of the more popular and well-known kinds of tea in the world and deservedly so. Despite general belief, Earl Grey is not a tea varietal at all, but simply ordinary black tea infused with bergamot, a citrus flavor from the rind of the fruit. Try your cup with a few drops of fresh lemon juice for some occasional, yet delicious, variety. It is also pretty neat to watch the lemon juice lighten the tea from dark brown to yellow as the citric acid reacts with the blend!
The Tazo version of Earl Grey is one of the best I have ever tasted. Perfectly balanced, light, aromatic.....it's the perfect start to a morning
These truffles are very, very sweet and very, very rich.  The powdered sugar forms a thin, crisp shell around a thick layer of creamy white chocolate which is filled by a dark chocolate/champagne ganache.  I don't hesitate to offer them to friends because nobody eats more than one or two at a time.  They're just that rich.  
I recommend them for a totally luxurious experience, especially if you are giving small gift boxes w/ only a few chocolates.  I don't recommend for people who prefer their chocolate less sweet.  Actually, they are a bit too sweet for me, but I gave five stars because the product description warned me and they're still really good.  People who have a bigger sweet tooth than mine probably won't share.
The packaging is a gold box, wrapped in blue and white Leonidas paper with a gilt deep purple box.  For shipping, the package was placed inside a sturdy styrofoam shell.  Mine arrived within three days and looked like I'd purchased it at the store to give as a gift
This tea is really out of the ordinary, and I think people either love it or hate it!  I LOVE it!  It has a wonderful flavor and is one of my favorites.  Give it a try; you might be pleasantly surprised
An incredibly refreshing drink when iced! Mix in a teaspoon of honey while your tea is warm and then pour over a generous amount of ice. Because of the ice, use two bags and steep for three minutes or more depending on your taste. You will be pleasantly surprised
I cannot explain in words how this tastes; it is something to experience. There is regular HP sauce, that I found when I was looking for an alternative to A-1 steak sauce.  Now comes this fruit flavored variant. The mango flavor really comes out
The pot roast has been a big hit with my family!  It is more tender and delicious than any I have ever had at any restaurant!  I will continue to order them from Omaha and share them with my family
These fruit candies are not too sugary-sweet.  They have good, tart fruit taste under the sugar coating
If you like strong coffee,typical of the flavors used in better expresso brews this is about the best one we have ever found.
Period!
It's worth the money you have to ante up and the extra hassle required in order to buy
I was totally amazed when I first tried this coffee.  If you like a dark roast with a full but mellow flavor, you will love this coffee. No hint of bitterness or overroasting.  It's just the best
Lindt Lindor truffles are so good you won't believe it. Very bad for dieters. Best chocolates for the price in the world
I was very pleased with the Quality of this blend, it contained the exact amount of sumac. It makes a perfect rub for Lamb. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is the small amount for the price
The sugar was perfect, I ordered it to go on a cookie I make only at Christmas time.  The cookie is an almond flavored one that you make by chiliing the dough and then cutting off a small piece which you make into a ball and then roll by hand out so it is about 9 inches long.  You try to keept it a little thicker in the very middle so when you twist it, it has a tapered look.  You leave the top with a small opening so you can put a pretty ribbon thru it like it can be hung on the tree.  When they are cooked and still warm you put a thin coating on them of powdered sugar and almond flavoring and water and when they are still sticky, you sprinkle the sugar on.  They came out beautiful, I then put them in an old cookie tin and serve them up to company, they think I am soooooo talented and it is so easy
I really enjoyed this soup. The flavor is delightful plus all-natural ingredients and low fat make it a healthy meal
I love black bean soup and this is the best mix I have ever bought.  As a previous reviewer stated, vegetables mix very well with this soup. I recently added a drained can of corn to get another serving and it tasted great
Very sophisticated, complex flavor not normally found in a mix. Great alone, or as a base for your own creative additions. It gets so thick, it could be reduced a bit further and used as a bean dip. I added more water at the end of cooking for a looser, soupier consistency. We finished each bowl with a sprinkling of chopped jalape�os, cilantro and scallions which added a hit of brightness to the smoky undertones. 
I can't wait to try the other flavors I ordered! This Soup was favorably reviewed by all ages in my kitchen, and that doesn't happen often...
I am sooooo very happy that agave is now available in the large container.  This brand is the best of the agave.
I love chocolate, and always buy the 70%-on up variety's so I looked forward to trying these.I expected some bitterness, but  these tasted (when eaten raw) like burnt chocolate nuts.I still prefer to eat them this way though
True they are a bit bitter, but not TOO bitter and not nearly as bitter as unsweetened baker's chocolate! There are also some taste components I noticed that I've never noticed with processed chocolate, a delicate floral essence and flavor that adds character. I was also surprised to find that raw cacao smells and looks like cooked chocolate, I thought the smell and brown colour came mostly from the cooking process.
I want to try grinding them up and sweetening with agave nectar, a delicious sweetener with a low glycemic index. I tried sweetening a ground up mix with stevia, I think I might've used too much and I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS! Stevia is a good sweetener for a lot of foods, but using too much leaves a bitter aftertaste.
I'd recommend this product to anybody who likes chocolate, especially raw foodists and chocolate connoisseurs. Enjoy
I'm very happy to have discovered these & will definitely continue to use them in baking, it helps me cut back on the semi-sweet choc morsels with a healthier alternative. 
As far as eating them raw - I don't recommend it at all!!! Very bitter taste raw. Maybe some would enjoy it, but I would venture a guess that it's a minority of people rather than a majority
Rings-Ding's are the best snacks out there for many a reasons. First off, they are the best after dinner snacks out there. It's really like a cake, just more condensed and not as fatty or filling. Also, these things are addicting. In my life, I cannot even count how much packs I have consumed, since I have been eating these things everyday since I was young, and let's just say now I am very old. If you cannot afford drugs, then go for the ring-ding's. The only negative about these things if there isn't enough cream, then you get a mouthful of chocolate. Most people I know like the chocolate, but I personally would not like a mouthful of it. Another bad thing is in the summer, they are melted and can only be slightly revived if refrigerated. They kind of lose that good flavor edge in the summer, which makes this the perfect snack for the winter.
Alright...the anatomy of a ring-ding (DUN-DUN-DUN). First off, you get a chocolatey outside that is pretty soft. In the center is a creamy sensation (sorry if that sounded dirty...get your mind out of the gutter) that really makes this product go from good to great. Put that together and you get probably the best snack out there right now. They come two in a pack and are made by Drake's. Usually, Drake's is in the shadow of Hostess, yet I feel Drake's destroys Hostess in terms of their cakes. If you are actually reading this, please don't destroy me for saying that Ring-Ding's totally annihilates anything Hostess has ever put out. Wow...I managed to make a food product two paragraphs long (two short paragraphs I should say). I would put the whole history of the Ring-Ding in, but that would probably be taking someone else's work. I guess I'll stop now. Anyway, Ring-Ding's for the win!!
I love this little things, I usually get them at the candy store in the mall.  Has a very  close taste to the real thing
After visiting Cape Town South Africa I fell in love with All Gold Tomato Sauce (Catsup). It have a unique flavor that makes the domestic brands seem rather bland
Apparently the Gift Basket arrived on time and it was enjoyed and appreciated by my Dad.  Thanks for your integrity and creativity
It's easy to make (recommended measures are available online, and you can go a little more milk or powder if you want) and the package makes ALOT.  I like not having a 45 minute drive to get my favorite drink
In many languages around the world, "chai" simply means "tea." In India, however, the word denotes a specialty that to tea lovers even in the West is fast becoming what cappuccino already is to coffee lovers: spiced milk tea. 
Chai comes in a variety of recipes that differ from region to region, although traditionally it consists of a blend of black tea, rich milk, various spices and a sweetner. The spices most commonly used are cardamom, cinnamon, ginger, cloves and pepper; Tazo's very peppery Chai adds rooibos, vanilla, star anise and chicory to the traditional recipe. 
You should always have this tea with real sugar, even if you have all your regular tea without any kind of sweetener, because only sugar will bring out the full flavor of the spices. And if you like your store-bought Chai, maybe you'll one day try brewing chai from fresh black tea and spices, too! Namaste ..
****
Tazo's Chai Black Tea is an enjoyable chai experience for the most part. On the paper tea packet, Tazo writes, "a rich blend of teas and spices in the style of the hill dwellers of the Himalayas." On their web site, Tazo describes the flavor profile of Chai as "cinnamon, creamy, sweet spice" and "medium-bodied yet full-flavored, with the spicy kick of cinnamon, ginger, cardamom, and black pepper. Tazo describes the aroma as "sweet, spice". Those are pretty accurate. The black tea "blend" is a little bitter, though, even with minimal brewing. It's a real trick to get it to brew long enough to get to experience the flavor from the spices without having the tea turn bitter.
The ingredients in Chai are: black teas, ginger, cinnamon, black pepper, cardamom, cloves, and star anise. It is caffeinated. 
Tazo is an interesting company that makes only super premium teas. They are socially responsible, based in Portland, and have the motto, "The Reincarnation of Tea". Tazo is owned by Starbucks. Their web site is fun and quirky, with a Zen-type focus, definitely worth checking out. It is unclear, though, from their web site, how many of their ingredients are organic or kosher, and they do use some "natural flavors" in their teas--this wording seems a little vague for a super premium tea.
I would rate this tea, and Tazo in general, as good---better than premium teas like Stash or Celestial Seasonings---but not as good as Numi. I'm soooooo spoiled by Numi teas, which is why Tazo Chai gets only four stars.
***
This is Awesome!! Tastes like its a complex home mixture of spices etc for chai tea but its all in a simple tea bag! AMAZING
The Chai mixes in tetrapacks are too sweet for my tastes. This chai tea brews up spicy and good, and you can mix in milk or soymilk, plus any sweetner you like to make delicious chai
my husband and my son-in-law really went insane with dave's insantity hot sauce! they put about 3 drops on their food and it was beyond hot. they we're very impressed! and they knew next time one drop would do the trick. even though that was hot too. the other hot sauces in the sampler we're just right!
Whatever that thing is that hot sauce does for you, Dave's does it double.  I have also found that Dave's steak sauce makes a fabulous "secret ingredient" (in small doses) to spaghetti sauce, stews, anything that improves with a tiny bit of heat (think tabasco only with flavor)
i've always liked this candy, but i couldn't find them anywhere in stores near me, so i ordered a case
The coffee is really good and i will tell my friends about it.The order came real qick like in no time i was really surprise so everthing was real nic
Besides being a very good deal for the price, this item thankfully does not contain lavender, which is not commonly used in French cuisine but is used rather to freshen clothes chests. However, the classic mix of herbes de Provence for cooking usually contains one additional herb: marjoram
I thought the steaks were really good. They were tender and delicious. They were a little small for my boyfriend and cooked up fast. I thought they were the perfect size for myself. Delivery was fast
THIS IS THE SECOND TIME I AM ABOUT TO PURCHASE OMAHA STEAKS.
THE FIRST WAS THE PROMOTION ON THE TOP SIRLOIN AND BURGERS WITH A COUPLE OF "FREE GIFTS".
I BRIEFLY THOUGHT THE SHIPPING WAS A BIT STIFF,.... BUT THE ORDER CAME IN A STURDY COOLER WITH DRY ICE.
THE QUALITY OF THE STEAKS AND BURGERS WAS THE BEST WE HAVE TASTED IN A GOOD WHILE.  I WOULD NOT SAY THAT THEY ARE THE BEST I HAVE EVER EATEN.... BUT, I WOULD SAY THEY WERE WORTH THE MONEY WE PAID. MY ORDER HAD INSTRUCTIONS THAT IF YOU ARE NOT SATISFIED..... THEY WILL REFUND YOU YOUR MONEY OR SEND MORE STEAKS AT NO MORE COST??  SO......WHAT'S THE "BEEF"???
I AM NOT DISUADED BY A COUPLE OF NEGATIVE REVIEWS... AND AM GOING TO ORDER SOME MORE OF THE TOP SIRLOIN... AND MAYBE TRY SOME OF THE FILET MIGNONS.  IF THE QUALITY IS NOT WHAT WE EXPECT CAN'T I USE THE MONEY BACK GUARANTEE?? DID THE NEGATIVE REVIEW PEOPLE TRY GETTING THEIR MONEY BACK OR SATISFACTION... THE PRODUCT SAYS IT WILL SATISFY OR GIVE YOUR MONEY BACK?
MICHAEL-194
Flake - a rippled layer of chocolate. In the adverts, you need to eat it in the bath in order to avoid dropping chocolate crumbs. Buy them and put them in the fridge. Eat your flake while balanced over a plate to catch the crumbs. Divine. So much better than typical US chocolate. Yum
This stuff is incredible!
Melt in you mouth pure chocolate, hand made by lepricons in Cadbury, Ireland, using only the finest ingrediants.
Thoes firey little green men put Nestly and Hershy to SHAME!!
This is the most deliciuos chocolate! It can be a bit messy, but it's well worth it! If you love chocolate, you'll love Flakes
I have been using a Chemex 10-cup coffee maker for almost a year and have never had such good coffee before in my life. I am constantly looking forward to my next pot of coffee!
There is a downside to this coffee maker: it is a more manual procedure than what you are used to, and it also takes a couple of pots to learn how to use this most efficiently. The first time I tried to use mine, I had ground my coffee way too finely and it just took forever! The big time consumers: you have to boil your water separately (you do have a water kettle right?) and then you have to gradually pour the boiled water through the Chemex. This means that while the coffee is brewing, you are pouring, or watching, or giving the filter area a bit of a stir.
Now the up side: you will never ever ever drink a better cup of coffee. I use filtered water, freshly ground home roasted beans, and this Chemex to produce the finest coffee I have ever had the pleasure of drinking. And this coffee is a pleasure! In fact, I've totally given up using cream and sugar because my coffee no longer has anything to hide.
Another up side: clean up means swishing the Chemex with warm water and tossing the water down the drain. You can also wash with a bottle brush but this is rarely necessary. A brief swish is really all it takes to get your Chemex looking factory new. Try that with your electric drip machine! Ha! That thing will NEVER look brand new!
Oh, here's a final upside: this Chemex brews the best coffee you'll ever drink, and it costs less than just about anything. You are probably already spending more money than this every month at Starbucks!
Go ahead and buy yourself one of these. If necessary, wake up 10 minutes earlier to make your coffee. Better yet, wake up 20 minutes earlier. And when your coffee is ready, instead of dumping it into a travel cup and bolting out the door, sit down and enjoy your first cup for the next 10 minutes. You deserve it
did you move from the north down south? or have you never even had a funnybone well whatever the case is if you like peanutbutter and devilsfood cake Funnybones are fot you! these things are great you may want to get more than one box cause the wont last long at all!!!!
My husband and I recently went to Florida to see his mother in the hospital. She had suddenly become ill. As we waited for her prognosis, we went to several local grocery stores to try to locate Drake's Funny Bones which my husband considered a comfort food that his mother would always get for him when he would visit. We looked to no avail.  
Unfortunately his mother passed away the next day. We headed home to Arizona and the first thing I did was try to find out how to get some of these snack cakes. I knew that it would mean so much for him to have them, if anything out of remembrance of his mother.  
I located Gristedes through Amazon and was so excited. The package arrived today. Unfortunately I was at work when my fianc� notified me, and I sat with him on the phone while he opened his surprise. Both of our eyes filled with tears and you could hear the cry in his voice when he realized what it was. He said it was the best gift that he had ever received.  
Thank you for allowing him to have a little extra tribute to his mom for Christmas time.  
I love Funny Bones. First of all I'm a sucker for chocolate and peanut butter together. Add an incredible consistancy- shiny chocolate coating around chocolate cake with peanut butter cream filling- well, put these in the fridge a spell, take them out, and Voila! The perfect munchy snack attack. Enjoy
Well, it worked out great because they were bought for a friend who now resides in California but is originally from New York.
They arrived in a timely fashion and they were in good condition and enjoyed by all.
In fact I would order them again.
  This product is great! Tastes fresh and enhances many foods and I was quite surprised that the container it came in was kind of like a pepper mill.............you just twist cap back & forth like you would do with fresh pepper and the product comes out. This product has many uses but really comes in handy for those sweet & sour recipes. I added this along with some pineapple to my chicken and it was outstanding
First of all let me say that this is what Black Tea is suppose to TASTE like. As soon as I took a sip of this tea earlier today, I knew that this is one of Tazo's finest tea. I'm not going to say that I've tasted many Earl Grey teas, because the only other Earl Grey Tea I've tasted is Twinings. But this tea in my opinion added a twist that was needed for Earl Grey Tea. Don't get me wrong Earl Grey Tea is fine the way it is, but the scented citrus bergamot added by Tazo makes a difference. 
I would enjoy drinking the Tea straight up with some sugar, but I like to add a little bit of milk to the tea because I'm used to adding Milk to Black Teas.
I recommend this Tea to anyone that is willing to try something new or enjoy Earl Grey with the Tazo Twist
Earl Grey is supposedly the second most popular tea in the world. Traditionally Earl Grey is created from a blend of black teas, usually Chinese and Indian teas, sometimes with a smokey flavor, and scented with the citrus fruit bergamot.  Earl Grey tea has an interesting history.  Legend has it that the first tea scented with bergamot oil was presented to Lord Grey from a Chinese mandarin whose son was saved from drowning by one of Lord Grey's men.  Twinings and Jacksons of Piccadilly both claim to be the first to have commercially blended this tea.
Tazo shows considerable expertise in the blend of this top quality tea. The black teas utilized are as the box states "the worlds most sought after teas from the high-elevation gardens of Nuwara Eliya, Uva and Dimbula in Sri Lanka and Assam in northeast India." They provide the perfect complement to the strong bergamot essence in this blend. The fragrance is powerfully floral, in particular lavender, citrus, and the woodsy-malt scent of premium black tea. The flavor of this splendid potion is rich and perfumed. A tasty sensual delight!
Earl Grey is traditionally served black, sometimes with lemon.  I prefer it with cream.  On a warning note, if you keep this tea in the cupboard for too long it will get old--the taste becomes very thin and harsh.  Brew it from fresh teabags and you won't be disappointed
This is a strongly aromatic version of Earl Grey, scented with citrusy bergamot. If you like a mild Earl Grey, this may be a bit strong for you. I personally love it. One of my favorites
There is a reason they serve this coffee at the White House.  Its the smoothest, best coffee ever produced.  Low acid, smooth in the mouth, and it has the most intoxicating aroma.  Worth the price. 
This coffee is smooth and is not bitter at all. It is wonderfully aromatic and a rich flavor. I personally bought the beans in Jamaica but it was only $12 for 12 ounces, I have seen such inflated prices on the internet for this product and truly it is not worth it
How come all the fun is for Chubby Bunnies like WHOLE milk? Don't skimmy girls have more fun? Then what about SKIM milk?
Why not 128 fluid ounces of Tuscan WHOLE milk, instead of SKIM milk? To get the full benefits of milk's yummy yummy eternal goodness, I'll let these experts tell you why.
"Less is more." Mies van de Rohe.
"Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler." - Albert Einstein
"The absent are always in the wrong." - John Bull
"My illness is due to my doctor's insistence that I drink milk, a whitish fluid they force down helpless babies." - W.C. Fields
"Things are seldom what they seem, / Skim milk masquerades as cream." - William Gilbert
"Two percent black; that's like skim milk." - Own Smith
I was a blubbery dude after downing countless gallons of Tuscan Whole Milk.  People were calling me "Shamu the Whale" and "Gluteus Maximus" after I gained about a hundred pounds.
Made me come up with a rhyme about what happened next:
Then a friend, Gristedes, 
told me about the skim.  
A hundred pounds lighter 
without goin out on a limb.
It's got style, 
it's got class.
It took a big weight 
off my stomach
As my class of middle school students and I enjoyed the comments for Tuscan Whole Milk, one thought kept popping into our heads -- why not skim?  Why heap such praise upon whole milk and neglect skim, whose delightfully low-fat content has made my morning ecstatic for years?  I believe Tuscan Skim Milk will allow me to live forever (though I haven't proved that one yet).  My students say it enables them to do difficult homework with ease.  So, at last, we can breathe a full sigh of relief that Amazon is providing the world with the joy of skim
From Italy's famed milk region, Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz and Tuscan 2% Low Fat Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz are guaranteed to satisfy. The birthplace of the Italian Renaissance is also the birthplace of the world's most delectable beverage, Tuscan Whole Milk. Leonardo da Vinci, Michelangelo and Dante Alighieritable were known to imbibe in Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz's sweeth frothy goodness. Some say that Milk was the inspiration for the Mona Lisa.
Now the milk growers of Tuscan have released Tuscan Skim Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz...a lighter taste with less creamy overtones. In my opinion, an improvement over their earlier release and is my libation of choice. Bon appetit
We received a box as a gift last week. (Can't keep our hands out of the box!) It truly tastes fresh, what a treat. It reminds me of the fresh boxes of chocolates I used to pick up on business trips in Belgium and Netherlands. You won't be disappointed
I had this stuff almost every day while living in Chile for 2 years. Let me tell you, there is almost no comparison with the non-fat milk we drink here in the states. This stuff is way better. Don't quote me on this, but I heard that Nido isn't 100% non-fat. That being the case, it doesn't keep as long as non-fat powdered milk. But I might be wrong. At any rate, it's worth it. If you really want to make it taste good just add a little bit of sugar to sweeten it up
I prefer jerky with a dry texture but always have a hard time finding a good one.  They're usually moistened soft chunks of meat instead of hard strips.  If you like old-school jerky then I highly recommend this product.  Delicious
This coffee is the best product for the Senseo coffee maker that I have found.  The coffee has a rich, full taste. 
I've tried lots of coffee pods, and Black Mountain Gold is by far THE BEST!! The flavor is always full and rich, never bitter. The Kenya AA has a great "rich" roast flavor. 
I cannot speak about the food item because it is in my pantry and I have not tried it yet. I will speak however, on the customer service of ImportFood.com Thai Supermarket.
First off - this is the first time I have ever been asked to submit a review for something I purchased via Amazon - this tells me that ImportFood.com is interested in feedback from their customers in order to continue their process improvement. I applaud that and have happily complied.
Secondly - out of all the times I have ordered from Amazon - this was the fastest delivery I have ever had. I was so surprised to see the box - I didn't know what it was at first because I wasn't expecting the product for several weeks - not a couple of days. When I opened the box, I couldn't believe that it was the product I had JUST ordered. So I am a very happy customer to have found the exact item I was looking for, at a very reasonable price with even better rate on shipping (I was worried about the inc. in gas would drive up shipping to make it not worth it) and then to receive it so quickly. Thanks
I give four, because I haven't tried other Jasmine Green Tea products.  Otherwise, beginning to end experience from this seller is excellent
This tea is awesome. I had it in a restaurant once and tore off the little label and came home trying to find it on the internet. After finding it on Amazon, I looked up all the benefits of green tea, and realized that original green tea is kind of disgusting. So I ordered the Jasmine Green Tea, and with a little sugar and lemon, I drink it every day. Excellent product. Can't live without it
I drink this brand of Jasmine Green Tea every single day at work. The lower level of caffeine eases me awake as opposed to giving me coffee-jitters. Green tea is extremely good for you and also happens to taste amazing! I recommend this to anyone. It also makes a great iced tea for a different twist
I found this syrup to be quite tasty, on apples, and other things, or even on a spoon. You can use it to drizzle on things, instead of honey or maple syrup. You can use it in making rice Krispisy. truely, golden syrup is wonderful
I used this years ago when I lived in Europe and tried it again recently when I found it on Amazon. It adds a wonderful molasses taste in recipes calling for corn syrup, like pecan bars and chocolate frosting. It's a hit with my friends. One likes oatmeal now with a spoonful of the syrup.
The greatest tasting syrup ever made. Excellent on toast, no other syrup can come close. Forty years ago I thought it was the greatest and it still is! I am having a hard time purchasing it in my province in Canada and it is worth the effort to order it on line. I wish they would expand their distribution
I would almost move back to NY from Phoenix, AZ to get Drakes.
This is the best.  At least I have Gristedes to order from.  I just cant take the winters anymore.
Bob Goldstei
Ideal for people who expect to fancy a snack in about 1-2 business days time
These little cakes are so good with coffee and a real treat especially when frozen.  They can be a little dry if eaten without a beverage, otherwise, but they are an all time favorite of mine since I was a little girl growing up in Brooklyn, NY.  This company also used to put out little cream filled cakes called Yankee Doodles, but I don't think they are around anymore.  I'm just glad Drake's was kind enough to keep one of them going and I'm glad I found a place where I could order them without bothering my sister in NY all the time.
They're worth the try.
This is like hot sauce concentrate.  You MUST dilute it to use it.  Do not try to eat this stuff straight or you will be miserable for hours, and then some.  Lets just say it burns both ways.  A teaspoon in an entire crock of chili will make the chili hot enough to be near inedible, and I like very hot and spicy foods.  Five or six drops is probably more than enough for an entire dish.  Tabasco isn't even comparable to this, because no amount of tabasco would make a dish that hot.  This is truly the hotest sauce I have ever had, I think it killed my tastebuds (slight sarcasm).
Wash your hands thoroughly after use as there will often be residue on the lid.  If you rub your eyes they will burn for a long time, and I would suggest flushing them with water for about 10 minutes if you have the unfortunate experience.
The first listed ingredient is habaneros
Hottest Sauce in the Universe: no brag, just fact. I find that a single drop of Dave's Ultimate Insanity is more than equivalent to TEN drops of Tabasco. Why not five stars? While this sauce gives new meaning to the term extreme heat, I find the taste of Tabasco more pleasant. Ultimate Insanity adds a hint of a smokey/burnt flavor, which I assume is due to the roasted peppers. Try it for yourself..this the most heat you can get without notifying the Fire Marshall
This is the stuff hallucinogens bow before. The warning states that it's not for anyone with poor heart conditions, high blood pressure, or contemplating pregnancy, ever. And it means it.
One drop of this sauce in anything will have your eyes watering and your stomach curdling. Why it's in a bottle this big I'll never know, but this stuff is the real deal. I was foolish enough to have three drops in a shot of vodka one fateful night many moons ago, and I still tremble at the memory.
I can't rate it high enough, so five stars will have to do
So much better than buying those pre packaged microwave popcorns.  Always the way I like it
I love this popcorn.  I buy loads of it so I never run out.  I don't know why this isn't the most popular popcorn out there.  I don't think people know about it, or maybe they don't want to have to cook it.  But it's so easy and good
This is probably the BEST popcorn you can make at home, packaged with the Whirley-Pop Stovetop Popcorn Popper, and you have a great little gift set.
Sidenote:  It probably isn't the healthiest Popcorn for you (there is a lot of oil and butter flavoring), but it is the tastiest!!
I tired Real Theater Popcorn last night for the first time and managed to eat the entire thing by myself!!  It was that good.   If this isn't exactly like movie theater popcorn, it's as close as it gets!  I'm purchasing the 20 pack today and am going to hand out a few packs to my friends whom share the same love of popcorn that I do.   
It's GOOD!
I bought some of this for my husband last Christmas with a stovetop popcorn popper (the kind with the stir rod.)  Now it's our favorite brand of popcorn and our favorite way to make it.  The packages come with pre-measured oil & popping corn and you just cook it all up.  Each box has 5 bags.  Each bag makes a big bowl (?20 cups?)  We only have to add salt and we love the taste.  I highly recommend this with a stir rod popper, too--either the stovetop or electric kind. 
I'll never eat microwave popcorn again!  This is quick and delicious and looks and tastes like movie theater popcorn, only better!  It's hard to believe, but true
I've always loved these little cherries. Haribo has just the right flavor and texture. Buy in bulk - save a lot
I go to the movie theaters and they always have these gummy cherries. These are so good! I wouldn't dare share these! They are highly addictive and I can gobble them up in a minute
This flavor of Hot Cocoa is my favorite.  We love this cocoa!  It is incredibly delicious
If you're a candy addict, like I am, these are dangerous! They arrived quickly and are fresh. I've kept them in a tupperware container so they don't get hard or stale and have been happily munching away for 3 months. 
The basket was a big hit with the ladies at my office.  I highly recommend it
The recepients of this gift loved it!  It arrived in time for Christmas and was well packaged
i LOVE Lindt Lindor chocolate truffles. i fell in love with the milk chocolate and since i am such a big white chocolate fan as well, i had to try this one. its divine - i will give it that - but it tasted more like vanilla frosting than white chocolate. it felt like i was eating some sort of vanilla cake frosting out of a can than white chocolate, so i was dissapointed that aspect. but it really is a great item, despite that
Great product for chocolate lovers and social lovers alike. More of an end-of-the-night activity... unless you're just having a dessert party of course! My one complaint is the impractical (although oh-so-whimsical) tissue packaging. It is hazardously absorbent. Even the assertive flavors of these high-quality chocolates are not enough to ward of infringing odors from nearby pantry items. Note: do not store next to your curry sampler...
Best of luck chocoholics,
A & Z
I saw this at Whole Foods and bought it from there.  I wanted something nice to bring to a house party and didn't feel like bringing flowers.  It was a hit!  It really is very pretty and memorable.  It was one of a kind, plus a small piece made a nice dessert with coffee.  Well worth the price.  It would be fun for a chocolate tasting event.
these are the by far best gummy bears.  more fruity flavored than artificial.  i get these any time i go to europe, they are all over germany.  i recommend them to anyone who loves the gummy variety of candy
Don't go for generic gooey dollar store imitations. This is what gummy bears are supposed to be.  
The next best are Black Forest
It's great to have the option to enjoy Drake's even on Weight Watchers.  Each package is only 4 Weight Watcher points and they still taste like Drake's!
Yum
Liked these alot, just like the ones i buy at the candy store.Would buy agai
I love gummie candy, but the bears were a little harder then I expected, but they were still good
You can't get these anywhere in this town, but amazon has saved the day! There were plenty of leaves and they were very tasty in the tom ka soup we made and various other dishes.  Good and fresh
This was the best experience. I had mixed feelings about ordering food products and from a new company with Amazon but it was wonderful. The leaves are just great and taste great too. They were very appologetic because of weather it shipped out a couple of days late BUT I still got them ontime. I can not wait to use all of the leaves to order (as well as more ingredients) from them.
other places where offering 4 or 5 oz for the same price. it was sent and arrived quickly, faster than expected.  great for asian recipes. good deal
If you like them small you won't be disappointed. Tasty though. I would upgrade to the bigger ones
A fabulous variety of hot sauces with a range of flavors and heat. I bought it for a gift for my brother so I ended up sampling, using them myself. Truly flavorful! And hot! I use it in my omelets. Burritos. Nachos. Beans.
If it is possible to fall madly in love with a box of chocolates, then the assortment is the perfect place to start such an adventure. These chocolate are named after Leonidas Kestekidis, who definitely knew how to create chocolates for the true chocolate connoisseur. 
When he moved back to Belgium he not only married his true love, he created chocolates the world now adores. When you taste these chocolates, your taste buds will also finally know true chocolate happiness. Whether you try one of these with a cup of coffee or tea or enjoy one as a daily indulgence, these will impress. 
The "I Love You" chocolate with dreamy lemon filling embodies this sentiment. Each chocolate has a unique design and the I Love You chocolate has two hearts, ribbons and a seal. After you sample the variety of chocolates, specific flavors will stand out as favorites. 
Here are my favorite creamy fillings (ganache and butter cream) which come in dark, white and milk chocolate depending on the selection: 
Antoinette - A smooth Brandy flavored ganache 
Lingoit Lait - Absolutely delicious vanilla flavored fresh butter cream filling. Time definitely stopped while tasting this chocolate. 
Irr�sistible - Dark chocolate and Strawberry sauce. 
For ever - If you love coffee this may be one of the most delicious milk or dark chocolate chocolates ever made as it is filled with a special coffee cream that has hints of caramel. I ordered an entire box of these and they come in a variety of flavors. The milk chocolate and cherry filling is like Claude Debussy's R�verie. It is difficult to describe besides saying it is like a delicate cherry icing wrapped in milk chocolate. 
Merveilleux - Milk or dark chocolate filled with coffee ganache. 
Europe - Dark or milk chocolate filled with rum filling. 
Ganache - Milk or dark chocolate with pure ganache. 
Tosca - Milk chocolate with a special ganache. 
Po�sie - Dark chocolate and a Cointreau filling. 
Antoinette - Delicate caramel hints in the milk chocolate coating mingle nicely with the vanilla filling. 
Eve - Milk or dark chocolate with a creamy dreamy banana filling. 
Alexandre le grand - A milk or dark chocolate with caramel cream. 
Also Recommended: 
If you wish to also try the Napolitains, I'd suggest the 1 pound sampler Ballotin with six varieties. You may also want to look for the new Palet d'Or. A deeply delicious and strong bitter chocolate filled with ganache. The center is made with butter, cream and chocolate and the outer coating is a masterpiece with gold decorations. 
Leonidas now has over 1700 stores and sales locations worldwide and they offer over 80 varieties of fresh chocolates. The chocolates are air freighted weekly from Brussels so you will always find the quality to be superior. 
My chocolates arrived fast and were as fresh as if I had purchased them in Belgium. They were carefully packaged in the famous gold boxes with signature/seasonal wrapping and a ribbon. The boxes were then placed in protective Styrofoam containers to protect the chocolates during shipping. The expedited shipping is recommended from May to early September. 
~TheRebeccaReview.com
These steaks were tender and tasted very good.  So good in fact, we ordered more
This is a good selection of ingredients to start making sushi. It has everything you need except fillings, but there are no instructions. I recommend getting a simple book like Sushi Made Easy to give you the basics. I was pleased with the quality of the ingredients. I might buy this again if I find myself out of everything at once.
This is really good. Tender, a little sweet. Easy to make in the Whirley Pop, and excellent with some Cheddar & Spice popcorn seasoning
I love little white kernels of popped corn.  This was good stuff, but I think I'll try a larger white kernel to pop next time, my preference
Pops great in the microwave.  Much better than many store brands.  Good product
I won't claim to be a professional food taster ... I just know what I like and don't like.  I don't like "yellow" popcorn, I don't like microwave popcorn, I like the "white" popcorn cooked in a pan.  For my "popping style" the Baby White pops great w/o lots of hard kernels.  'nuf said
they got the texture and the level of sweetness just right.  These were fabulous if a tad bit expensive.  For a special treat I would buy these again
This seller sent exactly what was described. fast shipping . well packed. Thank yo
So here's the deal, I'm from Omaha, you can't go two miles without an Omaha Steaks Store.  Here we just call em steaks.  I can go to any butcher shop in Omaha and buy steaks that are just as good if not better than anything Omaha Steaks has to offer for considerably less.  This has always been my stance.  That is until I had these, these are quite simply the best steaks.  Yes, they're expensive, but if you're like my family and go out for steaks on birthday's you can actually save quite a bit by buying these instead.  You won't get a better steak in a restaurant, and my uncle's the head chef in a steak house, I could be stabbed just for saying that.  Cooked rare to medium rare you can literally cut them with your fork, they are more tender and have twice the flavor of any filet I've ever had.  I can't stress to you how good these are.  It's still the only steak I buy from Omaha Steaks, but when you come from the land of steaks that's saying a lot.  Sorry Texas, you may have more cows, but Nebraska Beef is simply better
I was a little hesitant as to whether these would taste good or not, however  I was pleasantly surprised when they arrived. I will say this though, I had the impression that the center was kind of creamy however it was solid which made it even better when allowing it to melt in your mout
The kaffir lime leaves arrived very promptly and had been kept cool. 
They appear to be quite fresh.
Have cooked with them, it was wonderful.
Thank
I live in a small town and you can't buy these in the stores. They are very nice leaves, some smaller, but most very nice sized, excellent for Thai food. I froze mine, so I should have enough to last at least a year
haven't tried cooking with them yet. but they arrived quickly and are not damaged or bruised in any way. they are beautiful specimens. i immediately vacuum sealed and froze them
In my case it was for my dad's birthday a couple days ago, and it went great. I placed my order a week before the event (I know, probably could have been too late), but it arrived 3 days later, packaged really well in dry ice. If you're looking for a gift for a male relative, you will never go wrong with getting him some Omaha Steaks
Gave this as a gift to my father for fathers day!  He loved it!  Said the steaks arrived in excellent condition, packed in dry ice, and we're very enjoyable!  One of the best fathers days gifts
Item as expected, services average; shipping cost wasn't as ecconomical as I would have liked to have seen but, obviously, I paid it.  I probably could have found the tea in a store but am hard pressed to get anywhere, so...  All-in-all, everything went as expected
I've bought all sizes, shapes and scents, and this is my hands-down favorite candle. The aroma is crisp and clean without being soapy, fragrant without being overpoweringly floral. It's just refreshing and calming, and strong enough to clear cooking smells from a kitchen. My only complaint is that it only comes in green, which doesn't match my house..
Had good taste, but you sure couldn't make a sandwitch out of it. Just big
hunks of meat. Its nothing like the pictures
I have tried pretty much every brand of single serve coffe pods out there and I have found Black Mountain Gold to be the richest and most flavorable. I highly recommend everyone to try this brand.
I've tried lots of coffee pods, and Black Mountain Gold is by far THE BEST!! The flavor is always full and rich, never bitter. The Guatemalan Antigua Decaf is delicious
I'm on a low carb diet and didn't like just eating a bowl of plain tuna with mayo... yuck!  I add a cup of Dreamfield's elbows to give me a better lunch for only 5 net carbs and now I actually look forward to having tuna.  Also, for 7 carbs you can add shredded cheese, a drop of milk, a pat of butter and pinch of salt to indulge yourself in a creamy macaroni with cheese dish!  Yummy :o
I have used this pasta for two years.  It has an excellent taste and consistency while being low carb.  Much better than whole wheat choices.  I've tried all the selections and all I can say is I'm looking forward to the company adding rigatoni and acini de pepe sometime in the future.  It's hard to find in restaurants but if you are ever in Pittsburgh, they serve it at Gullifty's-wonderful.  Some diabetics may find it doesn't work for them--trial and error if you eat it because of diabetes.
Dean & Deluca's Basil can add delicious aromas to your crockpot cooking adventures. It is also perfect to add to a pot of steaming vegetables or to sprinkle on fish wrapped in puff pastry. The minute you open a tin of the Dean & Deluca Basil, you can sense the high-quality of the product and the aroma swirls into the air making you eager to try many of their herb and spice products. 
I especially love using this when making a homemade stock in my crockpot/slow cooker. It enhances soups, vegetables and just about anything you sprinkle it on that is savory. This can also be used in salad dressings and is especially delicious used over pasta, if you ever run out of fresh basil in the winter. 
~The Rebecca Review 
The tin makes the world of difference. I purchased the large tin and have been using it for over 7 months. The spice still smells extremely fresh
I have to admit I had little hope for the little sample of ground coffee that I received from Amazon as part of a free promotional package to promote their new non-perishable grocery line. However, against all odds, I find Millstone's product to be among the smoothest tasting coffees I've had from a package. Understand that I am mainly part of the mobile Starbucks-and-Peets crowd that's used to the aftertaste of the wooden stirrer and the slightly curdled milk when I swallow my caffeine. Normally I prefer grinding my own beans at home, but given my predilection for my infrequently used French Press maker, I occasionally enjoy a heaping brew of the roasted Colombian Supremo. Each of the sixteen packets is 1.75 ounces, enough easily for about six cups. I say give it a try as a relatively convenient alternative to your normal coffee run
*****
Tazo's China Green Tips Green Tea is a slightly stronger green tea than Tazo's Zen, and I liked that it doesn't contain Tazo's omnipresent "natural flavors" that almost all of their other teas contain, which to me is not an advantage. I like a natural, real taste with real ingredients sans vague "natural flavors" and sans flavorings, sans essences, etc. China Green Tips delivers this in a cleaner, purer way than Tazo's other teas. I liked this green tea!
The ingredients in China Green Tips are simply spring-harvested green teas from China. It contains caffeine.
Tazo is an interesting company that makes only super premium teas. They are socially responsible, based in Portland, and have the motto, "The Reincarnation of Tea". Tazo is owned by Starbucks. Their web site is fun and quirky, with a Zen-type focus, definitely worth checking out. It is unclear, though, from their web site, how many of their ingredients are organic or kosher, and they do use some "natural flavors" in their teas--this wording seems a little vague and unnecessary for a super premium tea. China Green Tips has none of these "natural flavors" and it shows in the quality and cleanliness of the tea experience.
On the paper tea packet, Tazo writes, "a traditional Chinese green tea with a delicate fresh taste and a light green liquor." This is the perfect way to describe this tea! On their web site, Tazo describes the flavor profile of China Green Tips as "grassy, vegetative, sweet, ricey". Tazo describes the aroma as "vegetative, popcorn". 
I would rate this tea, and Tazo in general, as very good---better than premium teas like Stash or Celestial Seasonings---but not as good as Numi or Aspen. Still, this tea is excellent, so I'm breaking my tradition with Tazo teas and giving it five stars. If you enjoy super premium teas, and are stuck with Tazo for some reason, choose China Green Tips and you will be quite satisfied. I can't honestly say that about any other Tazo tea.
****
This is a classic green tea that brews up to a pale amber liquor with a fine grassy scent. Savor this tea for a delicate and elusive experience. The taste is barley, sweet hay and the faintest herbal taste. The aftertaste is very mild and fresh.
Green tea is touted for its health benefits--not just antioxidants but also because it is supposed to help you lose weight!! Green tea averages about 10-30 mg of caffeine as opposed to 90 mg in a cup of coffee. Tazo does not put how much caffeine is in their tea on the box
You can get better tea if you're willing to deal with leaves, but that's not practical for most of us, especially for those who drink it at work like I do. Compare this to a budget-brand bagged green tea (like Salada, which I used to drink), and you'll be able to tell the difference right away. The Tazo isn't overbearingly flavorful (no green tea is), but its subtle "green" taste is addictive (as is the caffeine!)
These are the best tasting steaks I have ever eaten!  I recommend the steaks to all meat lovers
Since my husband perfected his technique of grilling Omaha Steak Filet Mignon, we no longer order steak when we go out to dinner.  Even at the most expensive, fanciest restaurants, their steak just isn't as good as what my husband does on the grill with these Omaha Steaks.
Hands down, the best steaks I have ever had.  I scoff at people who would refer to them as dry: they simply don't know how to cook steak.  We have been buying Omaha Steaks products for 4 years.  No, I am not a butcher, but I do enjoy a good steak.
In terms of value: $6-$8 for a steak would scare me if I saw it on a menu at a restaurant -- these steaks ARE value.  There are no supermarkets in my area that can compete with these cuts of beef. 
These days there are not a lot of products or companies out there who deliver consistent quality, but Omaha Steaks is one company who continues to impress me. 
I deffinatley think this was a great value for this item. Maybe someone found it cheaper elsewhere, regardless you get a lot for your money here
Grapes: Mother Nature's candy. 
I first became acquainted with grapes back in the summer of '84 when the wind came whistling over the planes. Old Mumsie and I often held hands as we frolicked down half frozen fjords to stumble across wild grapes in our tree forest home. It is on this note that I came to purchase these magical and tasty items, and I can safely say I was not disappointed.
Within three seconds of consuming these products, my legs grew back and my chest hair took on a vitalise sheen.
I find that when I have a little time on my hands I like to read what others have to say about nothing.  And I am always pleasantly surprised that they come through with useless opinions about nothing
My husband drinks tea daily he is very happy with this tea and recommends it to other
The tomato, the other other white meat. It's whats for dinner.
Despite being a member of the Solanaceae or often-deadly nightshade family (native to the Americas), I find tomatoes to be relatively friendly to my innards.  While I feel that masquerading as a vegetable is a bit deceptive (they are technically a berry), I am quite a fan of the tomato, and find the notion that they were originally known as "Love Apples" to be rather quaint and charming - not to mention tender, juicy, and delicious.
So tender and delicious.
Mmmmmm
I like pasta. And tomatoes are used in the sauce I put on pasta. So I like tomatoes
I've said it before, I'll say it again - I'm a white gal who likes to throw her ample weight around!  I find these cupcakes to second only to the mighty Ding Dong when it comes to Hostess treats.  The chocolate cake is great, and the frosting is absolutely delectable.  Avoid the bastardization that is the golden Hostess cupcake
This food calls back to my youth.  I'm still always impressed that these things can stay as moist as they do.  This is a major plus.  I'm really not so keen on the whole frosting thing and this one still finds me wanting with the urge to be sick just thinking about eating the filling.  But more power to them for having the retro cool thing going on and the ability to foist them off on adult aquaintences in need of a snack
Delicious Hostess Chocolate Cupcakes were the first Hostess Cupcakes.  You can now get orange flavored Hostess Cupcakes as well.  While homemade cupcakes are still the best, if you have too little time to whip up a batch of cupcakes, when these cupcakes are fresh they are hard to beat.  They have a soft, chocolate cake body with a creamy middle and chocolate icing on top.  The only problem with these cupcakes is that they are addictive, and those of us who spend too little time on the treadmill need to watch home many of these things that we eat, both at one time and altogether.
Well, I hear a Hostess Cupcake calling my name..
I am so happy to have found this coffee. 
This dark roast is rich in flavor.
A great cup of coffee brightens my day every day
****
Tazo's Lotus Decaffeinated Green Tea is one of my favorite Tazo teas. The lotus flower flavor is pleasant and delightful. This tea is not bitter or harsh in any way. It is one of the most natural-tasting of the Tazo's I've tasted, very subtle, and much less artificial-tasting.
The ingredients in Lotus are: naturally decaffeinated green tea, natural lotus flower flavor and other natural flavors. Of course, this tea is caffeine-free.
Tazo is an interesting company that makes only super premium teas. They are socially responsible, based in Portland, and have the motto, "The Reincarnation of Tea". Tazo is owned by Starbucks. Their web site is fun and quirky, with a Zen-type focus, definitely worth checking out. It is unclear, though, from their web site, how many of their ingredients are organic or kosher, and they do use some "natural flavors" in their teas--this wording seems a little vague for a super premium tea.
On the paper tea packet, Tazo writes, "delightfully subtle green tea with the inner radiance and essence of lotus flower." On their web site, Tazo describes the flavor profile of Lotus as "peach, nutty, flowery, overripe melon. This surprisingly full-flavored yet delicately floral blend is clean and light-bodied, with an aroma reminiscent of freesia." Tazo also describes the aroma as "tropical fruit, green tea". Hmmm...I don't taste all of these various flavors, and I suspect that Tazo really pushes the creative writing limit. I taste green tea, and a nice flowery flavor, which I'm assuming is the lotus, but not the rest---the peach, nuts, melon, freesia, tropical fruit---they're missing from what I can discern here.
I would rate this tea, and Tazo in general, as good---better than premium teas like Stash or Celestial Seasonings---but not as good as Numi. I'm soooooo spoiled by Numi teas, which is why Tazo Lotus gets only four stars.
***
This is the story of two Tazo teas. I found that they almost need one another to produce a tea of exceptional quality. I tried each tea separately and finally blended them together. 
Tazo Lotus and Tazo Wild Sweet Orange make a wonderful lemony hot tea in the winter or enjoy being tossed about with ice cubes in the summer. The way I make this tea is by steeping two Lotus and two Wild Sweet Orange filterbags with 16 ounces of water. I make this in my coffee maker so there is plenty of time for the flavors to seep out into the steaming water. Then, you can add 2 tablespoons of orange blossom honey for hot tea and a bit more for ice tea. 
Drinking this blend is an aromatic experience. Lotus Decaffeinated Green tea is a blend of naturally decaffeinated green tea, natural lotus flower flavor and other natural flavors. Wild Sweet Orange is a blend of lemongrass, blackberry leaves, citric acid, rose hips, spearmint leaves, natural flavors, orange peel, safflowers, hibiscus flowers, rose petals, natural orange essence, ginger root and licorice root. 
I love the crinkly sound of the paper bags protecting the precious contents. The boxes are also quite intriguing and the stories on the tea packets are always mysterious and playful. 
A romantic tea with a golden-orange color. I can never decide if I like this best hot or cold, so I end up drinking it hot and cold. Half on ice and half in a mug. When this tea is hot, it is much more romantic and aromatic. When chilled it takes on a more bitter component. 
For something even more exotic, try the Tazo Green Ginger tea. 
~The Rebecca Review
I found it to be a bit gamey. And that's after 6 hours in a slow-cooker. It looks a bit tough and leathery in the photo, and it really is. Plus I think mine had one or two shotgun buck pellets still in it. Does anyone know if there is a Le Village in Greenwich? Maybe it is fresher to pick it up in-store..
WOW!! This is awesome.  You guys have everything!!! I ordered 20 for valentines day.  They serve as the lining of the valentines day baskets that I am donating to my local church.  After they dig into the delicious assortment of candies and fruit they can rejoice that they will find a fine fresh rabbit for stewing later that evening.  Now if I only had some taters...
A lot of my friends like to shop online, so I added this to my baby registry.  My best friend received one at her shower and she loves it!  So when I got TWO at my shower, it wasn't the disaster other duplicate gifts can be!  My little girl is now three months old and we are still getting a lot of use out of the Fresh Whole Rabbits
*chortles, picks up coney and breaks spine* They are young! They are tender, they are nice. Yes they are!  Eat them! Eat them!  What's taters, Preciousss? What's taters?
How can you not love the Twinkie?  It's compact, delicious, and aerodynamic.  If you actually look at the ingredients, Twinkies are made of flour, water, shortening, eggs, sugar... sound familiar?  It's cake.  There are some preservatives added to increase shelf life, but they make up a very small percentage of the overall treat.  The air we breathe probably contains more dangerous 'additives' than a twinkie.  Let us face facts; if one were to eat slice after slice of chocolate cake baked using organic ingredients, that person is going to end up in coronary bypass land just as quickly as if one gorged on Twinkies.  Twinkies, like anything, in moderation are just fine
Yeah, but they taste really good
Why are you listed as a gourmet food?  Amazon seems to have misfiled you as you'd be more appropiately listed under joint compound.  As a child, I loved you but as an adult I loathe you.  The lard filling sickens me.  But I'll rate you a three just because of the cool factor of being listed on Amazon
Green bell peppers are very versatile; great for stuffed peppers, salads or sauteeing with Italian sausage.  I'm a big fan of all peppers, and would give most all peppers a high rating...I had to bump the bell pepper down a star for its low rating on the Scoville scale.  Bell peppers rate a 0 on this scale of hotness. Just a little bit of spiciness would make these peppers a definite 5-star vegetable, due to its versatility and delicious capsaicin taste...but alas, the bell pepper is void of that magical capsaicin, and thus a 4-star vegetable
These coffee pods were delicious. I, my co-worker and a doctor with whom I had to share these with so they could experience them also loved this Cinnamon Swirl flavored coffee. The deliver was super fast. A great transaction
These pods work well with my Simplehuman coffee maker.  And I can get both an 8 oz. cup and an additional 5 ozs out of each pod.  Taste of the mocha cinnamon swirl is balanced and not too sweet.  But do some comparison shopping - if you buy directly from the Java Podz website, the cost of both the pods and the s/h are lower than buying through Amazon
this is a very tasty brew, just right strength for your regular mug.  On the senseo just hit the two cup button and its just right
This oolong simply tastes richer and fresher than any other my husband and I have tried.  We live in the hinterland of Utah without any variety of oolong teas on most market shelves, so we are happy to purchase it online.
This flavor of Land O' Lakes Cocoa is one of their best. We love this cocoa 
These burgers are unbelievable. They are really fresh and juicy burgers with a distinctive meaty taste you will fall in love with if you love a great burger.  They are Omaha Steaks best product and the only thing I order from them. I actually love the packaging. Each burger comes individually wrapped in vacuum sealed plastic, which means I can keep them in the freezer until I am ready to eat them. Then defrost them in warm water and in 10 minutes I have fresh red meat, they have a nice peppery Angus beef smell, and they taste great. They never go to waste.  I find the meat I buy in the stores these days can't compare at all. Them smell of the meat doesn't smell fresh - more like plastic than meat. Ok, the Styrofoam cooler is a waste of packaging, and not environmentally friendly but they can be reused several times.
Amazon also has a great price on these. After a quick search around the web, this looks to be the best price
These are not the shriveled scrawny beans you find in a jar in the grocery store.  They are amazing.  Don't tell JR - but he isn't charging enough!
These beans were really fresh and lower cost than other suppliers.  The beans were shipped free and promptly
I bought seven beans for seven dollars, and was a bit unimpressed with the aromatic quality. They didn't have that strong complex aroma right out of the bag that bourbon beans are known for. That is not to say that the inside of the bean isn't aromatic. After all, it's the guts that really count. Even though these beans don't seem to be as aromatic as other beans, this is still a KILLER DEAL!!! I recently purchased one bean from a popular brand "Spice Islands" for seven dollars. An unbelievably aromatic bean, but seven times the cost of these beans!?!?!? I think I'll just buy these and use twice as many as the higher quality beans. I'm still making away like a bandit
First off, top notch customer service- there's a personal touch that's rarely seen in on-line purchasing!  Please keep it up!
Now for the goods: These vanilla beans are a fantastic value.  Seriously, I wasn't expecting much- I was hopeful given the other reviews- but I've learned some hard lessons to not expect such high standards of quality- especially when it comes to gourmand items-  These beans are even superior to those I can get from my local provider (at three times the cost, mind you.)  I've even ordered online from two other sources (one recommended by Martha Stewart, lol)- and these beans are plumper and more supple than those other pricier providers.  (Plump and supple- always a good thing.)
If you're on the fence- I urge you to go for it.  You owe it to your recipes to use quality indredients.  You will not be disappointed.  I know I'm not.
Thank you kindly
First order arrived damaged by the U.S. Post Office.
Order was promptly replaced at no charge.
Fast shipping to San Francisco
Delicious plump fragrant beans.  Excellent product.  Excellent customer service. 
I bought these and the greatest thing besides the awesome price and the fabulous beans is that the VP or CEO or some such lovely gentleman actually emailed me and thanked me for my purchase and when I responded, followed up again with a nice response! How nice is that in this day and age! 
I used these beans in my home made eggnog this year and it was out of this world. I first scraped the bean and then threw the pod in and left it there till the nog was gone. (not long)
I also use one when I make my hot chocolate "syrup" (Lots of bittersweet chips, melted in milk and a little haff and half and the bean scraped and the pod - once again left in - I mske hot chocolate out of it by adding more milk to taste and a little bitty bit of brandy...decadent...oh my yes!)
This is a great buy, great beans, great company! Buy with assurance!
I was very pleased with my order of vanilla beans.
The beans were soft and smelled wonderful.
I will order this product again
I am an amateur indian chef.  This spice is one of my favorite spices to use when I am cooking.  It is such a versatile spice, adding an exquisite flavor to any and all dishes.  It works well with a lot of different foods.  If you are in any way interested in cooking Indian, get this spice....NOW!!!!!
Since I discovered this wonderful relish in England a few years ago I have tried to buy replacements in this country. It is served at most pubs in the UK as part of a Ploughman's Lunch along with various cheeses and other goodies. It has a wonderful taste and texture, unlike anything in this country. I recommend every one buy some. I've found it only on Amazon
This is the best sandwich topping ever!  I grew up eating Branston Pickle on my cheddar cheese and ham sandwiches, so it holds lots of good memories for me.  It has a deliciously sweet and tangy taste - some say (e.g., my wife) it is an acquired one - and nice crunchiness from the pickled vegetables.  I cannot say enough good things about it
"A single cup of Tazo Calm has been known to have the same effect as sitting for 45 minutes in a mountain meadow on a sunny day with your shoes off." ~tea packet 
Drinking this particular tea blend almost begs for 32 ounces of water. You can brew this tea in your coffee maker by letting the water drip slowly onto the tea that is sitting in a coffee filter or you can use the infuser that comes with this kit. 
This tea has a magical, almost golden sparkle of brass. The ingredients in this herbal blend are almost romantic. How often do you drink a tea with "rose petals" in the blend? 
Ingredients: Chamomile flowers, hibiscus flowers, spearmint, lemongrass, rose petals, blackberry leaves, safflowers, peppermint, sarsaparilla, lemon balm, licorice, and other natural flavors. 
Chamomile is known for its soothing properties and after drinking this tea I have vivid dreams and my sleep is deep and calm and I wake up refreshed. Tazo Calm Herbal Infusion will allow your body to relax into sleep and can be especially calming after yoga, before bed, or when writing peaceful thoughts in your journal. 
~The Rebecca Revie
Outstanding! And it was soooooo nice to savor all the infused flavors
Oh how I love the Cucumis melo reticulatus!  It's much sweeter and tastier than the Cucumis melo cantalupensis (the European cantaloupe).  You see, the CMR is the American version, this very same cantaloupe that's produced in California.  This should be called the Freedom Musk-Melon...true patriots eat the CMR!  If you're some sort of brie eating French lover, then go for the CMC....you America-hating hippy
After slicing through the outer rine of this pleasently heavy fruit an irresitable wealth of naturally sweet goodness is revieled.  This swollen ovary is undoubtably the greatest variety of Cantaloupe in existance.  There is no comparison to Cantaloupes grown in other areas.  The California Jumbo Cantaloupe makes any other variety look like "Achondroplastic Cantaloupe."  This copious  orb of delictableness is a must have for any herbivore or omnivore
I have been faithfully buying Omaha Steaks products for years.  In MY grocer's freezer and MY butcher, there is nothing the compares to the taste and quality of these burgers.  You get what you pay for -- this company delivers consistent quality again and again.  
I think other reviewers of Omaha Steaks product don't know how to use their grill. If you follow the step-by-step instructions: PRESTO -- perfect taste every time
ASIDE FROM THE GROWER, DOLE, I CAN NOT BE MORE CPOMPLIMENTRY OF THE DEALER
THAT HANDLED AND PACKED THE FRUIT AND VEGETABLES THAT RECEIVED FROM AMAZON. ALL OF IT WAS PICTURE PERFECT AND DELICIOUS. THIS IS AFTER A 3 DAY
AIR SHIPMENT ACROSS THE COUNTRY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
One day, while my cell phone wasn't working (as usual) I decided to see what would happen if I wrapped the antennae in a bunch of Dole USA # 1 Iceberg Lettuce, 1 ct!
Of course, you would never believe me in a trillion zillion years, but it worked better!
Now I go to high level executive functions with a Dole USA # 1 Iceberg Lettuce, 1 ct attached to my ear, and people thing I'm strange... but the heck with them.
Now I have better coverage than they do! And isn't that what it's all about?
This thing:
This is a list of mayors of Calgary, Alberta.
Mayors of Calgary
Mayor	Term Began	Term Ended
George Murdoch	December 4, 1884	October 21, 1886
George Clift King	November 4, 1886	January 16, 1888
Arthur Edwin Shelton	January 16, 1888	January 21, 1889
Daniel Webster Marsh	January 21, 1889	January 20, 1890
James Delamere Lafferty	January 20, 1890	January 19, 1891
James Reilly	January 19, 1891	January 18, 1892
Alexander Lucas	January 18, 1892	January 2, 1894
Wesley Fletcher Orr	January 16, 1894	January 6, 1896
Alexander McBride	January 6, 1896	January 4, 1897
Wesley Fletcher Orr	January 4, 1897	January 3, 1898
Arthur Leslie Cameron	January 3, 1898	January 3, 1899
James Reilly	January 3, 1899	January 2, 1900
William Henry Cushing	January 2, 1900	January 7, 1901
James Stuart Mackie	January 7, 1901	January 6, 1902
Thomas Underwood	January 6, 1902	January 5, 1904
Silas Alexander Ramsay	January 5, 1904	January 2, 1905
John Emerson	January 2, 1905	January 14, 1907
Arthur Leslie Cameron	January 14, 1907	January 2, 1909
Reuben Rupert Jamieson	January 2, 1909	January 2, 1911
John William Mitchell	January 2, 1911	January 2, 1913
Herbert Arthur Sinnott	January 2, 1913	January 2, 1915
Michael Copps Costello	January 2, 1915	January 2, 1919
Robert Colin Marshall	January 2, 1919	January 3, 1921
Samuel Hunter Adams	January 3, 1921	January 2, 1923
George Harry Webster	January 2, 1923	December 31, 1926
Frederick Ernest Osborne	January 3, 1927	December 31, 1929
Andrew Davison	January 1, 1930	December 31, 1945
James Cameron Watson	January 1, 1946	December 31, 1949
Donald Hugh Mackay	January 1, 1950	December 31, 1951
Donald Hugh Mackay	January 2, 1952	October 19, 1959
Harry William Hays	October 19, 1959	June 30, 1963
John Walter Grant MacEwan	July 4, 1963	October 18, 1965
John Clifford Leslie	October 18, 1965	October 22, 1969
James Rodney Winter Sykes	October 22, 1969	October 31, 1977
Ross Patterson Alger	October 31, 1977	October 27, 1980
Ralph Phillip Klein	October 27, 1980	March 21, 1989
Donald Adam Hartman	March 21, 1989	October 23, 1989
Alfred Herman Duerr	October 23, 1989	October 22, 2001
David Thomas Bronconnier	October 22, 2001	(incumbent
Silver Needle White Tea is the finest tea I have ever tasted.  The flavor is delicate without being weak and there is no bitter aftertaste as with the majority of teas.  Because there is less caffiene, I did not experience the jittery, nauseous feeling I get from other teas.
How refreshing it is to know that we can turn to Amazon for all our fresh elk carcass needs!  No more hoping to come across a large road kill on the way home from work!  Perfect for wedding receptions, birthday parties and anniversary celebrations - you know, all those fun times when you just have to dig that pit in the back yard, and roast a large slab of meat.  Slice up those leftovers, and you'll have sandwiches for weeks.  Thank you Amazon
This tea is just like you will find at the Thai restaurant. I find it best to brew in the coffee maker, making it very strong and adding water to it later. I use about one cup of loose tea to 8 cups of water in the coffe machine. When it's all brewed and hot, I add the sugar, more water and keep it in the fridge. I add evaporated milk as needed, per each glass. It's a wonderful drink for a summer day
Speedy shipment on this product...have not tried it yet but the quality, packaging and so forth seem very good
Now I can make my own Thai iced tea at home that's every bit as good as my favorite Thai restaurant's! Fragrant, flavorful, beautiful color as well. Full 5 star ratings for this product
I got this set for my husband for part of his Christmas present and he loved it.  He didn't know that Dave's Insanity wasn't the hottest he could get until now - he immediately opened the Ultimate and started "practicing" eating it on crackers until it wouldn't make him sweat so he could embarrass his brother by making him sick with it when we went home for the holidays.  Next year I'm getting the bloody mary mix as a stocking stuffer, and maybe the nuts too
Lindt Lindor truffles are very smooth, quite rich, and very sweet.  They tend to melt in your mouth (and in your hands, so get shoveling).  For me, they're a bit too sweet, as I prefer the taste of Leonidas or Cote d'Or chocolates, as they have a bit more bite to them.  They are also much harder to find and more expensive.  Soooooo, if you want good, rich chocolate, and you like your chocolate sweet, Lindt Lindor truffles is a good place to look
These are THE BEST truffles I have ever, ever tasted! They come in milk chocolate, dark chocolate and white confection - the chocolate lovers dream!!!  There are 18 pieces per package - control yourself though, the serving size is only 7 pieces!! The creamy filling is heavenly!!  My absolute favorite is the White Confection...my mouth waters just thinking about it!!!
If you love chocolate - you need to find a package of these - you'll be in paradise with every bite!
1smileycat :-
I ordered this for my husband's Christmas present on December 21st.  I really didn't think it would arrive in time and had printed a picture to give him until it arrived.  It arrived on the 23rd!!!! It was well packaged and was delivered intact. He is absolutely delighted with it.  He has a hot sauce collection and this is definately the piece de resistance! Thank yo
This is definitely the best hot sauce ever. An exceptionally hot sauce but comes with a great flavor and after taste. Not to be used by itself, but as an additive in very small doses. I bought my bottle in 1998 and am only half way through it. Love it
I have spent many years walking the Earth, much like Kane, and I've seen many things. Some of them legal, some of them warranting several eternities in Hades. But I have never before bared witness to purple potatoes. Seeing as that I am such an adventurous chap, I decided to give them a whirl. If nothing else, I told myself, they would make delightful earrings for my wife, Maude. She's something of a tuber afficianado, don't ya know. Upon their arrival at my abode, I happened to notice that the delivery lad was wearing a bio-hazard suit and that the potatoes were being transported within a lead container. Thinking nothing of it, I opened the container and proceeded to eat them raw. Imagine the surprise and delight when I felt my very DNA being torn apart and restructured. I now write to you all from the cave I share with the cyclops, seeing as how I am now 37 feet tall, have a spiked tail, horns, and nictitating membranes over my eyes. Did I mention I am a lovely shade of violet now and breath fire? All thanks to the delicious pommes de terre
****
Tazo's Decaffeinated Chai Black Tea is an enjoyable chai experience for the most part. On the paper tea packet, Tazo writes, "a rich blend of full-flavored naturally decaffeinated teas and exotic aromatic spices." On their web site, Tazo describes the flavor profile of Decaffeinated Chai as "creamy, vanilla, sweet and pungent spices". Tazo describes the aroma as "sweet spice". Those are pretty accurate. The black tea "blend" is a little bitter, though, even with minimal brewing. It's a real trick to get it to brew long enough to get to experience the flavor from the spices without having the tea turn bitter.
The ingredients in Decaffeinated Chai are: naturally decaffeinated black teas, rooibos, cinnamon, ginger, cardamom, chicory, cloves, black pepper, natural flavors, and star anise. It is caffeine-free!
Tazo is an interesting company that makes only super premium teas. They are socially responsible, based in Portland, and have the motto, "The Reincarnation of Tea". Tazo is owned by Starbucks. Their web site is fun and quirky, with a Zen-type focus, definitely worth checking out. It is unclear, though, from their web site, how many of their ingredients are organic or kosher, and they do use some "natural flavors" in their teas--this wording seems a little vague for a super premium tea.
I would rate this tea, and Tazo in general, as good---better than premium teas like Stash or Celestial Seasonings---but not as good as Numi. I'm soooooo spoiled by Numi teas, which is why Tazo Decaffeinated Chai gets only four stars.
***
The sardines was very tasty. They were packed in a box and were in very good condition. I would recomend them to anybody. Keep up the good work
People always tell me, "malfouka, those sardines aren't any good.  You should try "brand X."  Well, they're wrong.  King Oscar knows sardines and until you try them (I recommend serving them on buttered toast with a small squeeze of Miracle Whip), you don't know what you're missing! 
Bought the carbquick and wish I didn't.  Does not taste good and when baking with it definately comes out different than the regular bisquick.  Will not buy again....
SImply amazing -- one of the best low carb products around....forget Atkins bake mix....this is low carb Bisquick.  Now, it is not AS good as Bisquick....but it is good!  Makes good biscuits, a killer pie crust, and yummy "drop danish" ( not really a danish consistancy, tastes like very sweet pie crust )....plus can use with spices as a breading for chicken, fish, veggies, cheese.....BUY IT!!
Clark's Teaberry Gum became the rage in the 1960s when Herb Alpert and the Tijuana Brass played "The Teaberry Shuffle." Originally produced by the D L Clark Company, who got their fame with the Clark Bar, the gum is a Pittsburgh favorite for over 100 years. The mild flavor is somewhere between wintermint and a very faint touch of cinnamon, that somehow gives it a bit of a tea taste. It is a very sublte flavore, which is to me much more refreshing than the extra-strong gums from the other guys. There is also a sugar-free variet
D. L. Clark Company was founded in 1886, in Pittsburg Pennsylvania. The company was best known for its chocolate Clark Bar, which was sent over bulk to America's W.W.1 soldiers, who formed a lifelong attachment to it. Since its founding, the company has changed hands many times.
Teaberry gum has a flavor that is hard to describe, as it really doesn't taste like anything else. It is smooth and sweet, with a taste you will never forget. When I was young, a local drug store carried a wide range of candies, including Teaberry gum. Whenever I could I would go and buy a pack, and to this day the Teaberry taste takes me back to my youth and that drug store with the giant racks of candy.
So, if you want a great gum that tastes like no other gum out there, then buy Teaberry gum. It's fantastic!
This was not exactly what I was expecting.  I thought it would be more like what I call "Vietnamese Sesame Balls."  Yet they were pretty good despite my mistake.
I gave 3 sets of popcorn along with the bowls to 4 people for Christmas.  They were delighted and rave abouth the popcorn
These centipedes are wonderful! They have a lot of flavor and last a long time!
I like these even better than the gummi bears that I thought were the best until I tried these.
I love these centipedes! I like these more than the gummi bears. They taste good, too. Not to hard, not to soft, just right
Sometimes I feel like I've been on a diet forever. Of course, I haven't been -- I've been on and off one or another, then back again. 
I don't believe any tea is a wonder cure for everything, but I find tea helpful in managing my appetite, my stress levels, and outlook on life. I drink this Oolong tea, really enjoy it, and suspect it helps me feel less hungry in the midafternoon. 
I've heard it's rich in anti-oxidants, and promotes the burning of fat. It may well be. I've lost bodyfat and weight -- but, again, I believe the result are due to a combination of factors that includes regular exercise, counting calories, and taking time to for a deep breath and a warm cuppa
This tea is fabulous!  And what a great deal!  I will be buying more of this tea!  It is better than green tea
I love this tea. The filterbag smelled unbelievable, and the beverage itself brewed up into this gorgeous dark pink color. I wish I'd used my clear glass mug.
I added a little sugar because I can't drink anything without a little sweetener, but your average person probably would do fine with it. 
This stuff is terrific, I definitely recommend it
****
Tazo's Passion Herbal Infusion is a somewhat tart, deep, flavorful (hibiscus-y tasting) tea. It is not berry-like in taste, although it is red in color. It's difficult to describe what hibiscus tastes like, but I find it a most pleasant taste. My husband says it tastes like pomegranate to him. Although Passion contains licorice root it is not sweet. 
The ingredients in Passion are: hibiscus flowers, natural tropical flavors, citric acid, orange peel, licorice root, cinnamon bark, rose hips, lemongrass and red poppy. It is caffeine-free!
Tazo is an interesting company that makes only super premium teas. They are socially responsible, based in Portland, and have the motto, "The Reincarnation of Tea". Tazo is owned by Starbucks. Their web site is fun and quirky, with a Zen-type focus, definitely worth checking out. It is unclear, though, from their web site, how many of their ingredients are organic or kosher, and they do use some "natural flavors" in their teas--this wording seems a little vague for a super premium tea.
On the paper tea packet, Tazo writes, "A tantalizing deep red tea made from hibiscus flowers, exotic herbs and natural tropical flavors." On their web site, Tazo describes the flavor profile of Passion as "berry, juicy, wine-like, merlot, sweet, earthy, dense". Tazo describes the aroma as "sweet, juicy, red fruits". 
I would rate this tea, and Tazo in general, as very good---better than premium teas like Stash or Celestial Seasonings---but not as good as Numi. I'm soooooo spoiled by Numi teas, which is why Tazo Passion gets only four stars.
***
I have tried many teas in my life , &amp; this by far has gone over the top with me ... I have tried 4 different flavors , all of which were very satisfying. The one I liked best is Tazo Chai , it has a spice flavor that just captivates the taste buds . It may not be for every one , but since I like the taste &amp; smell of exotic spices , this does very well for me . I will buy it &amp; keep it on hand as much as possible.
Blend a little apple cider mix into your Tazo Passion Tea and see what happens. This creates a magical apple cider experience with hints of cranberry and hibiscus flowers gathered in an ancient land. 
Snuggle Up Spiced Cider is a good choice because you can then spoon in the exact amount you desire, but packets of cider work equally well. This is the type of tea you would expect to enjoy after skiing in some distant forest where you are also munching on homemade brownies or eggnog cookies. Apple cider also works very well with the Gypsy Teas, especially the Lemon Jasmine. 
The deep purple/red color and hibiscus fragrance of Tazo Tea is enough to make anyone passionate about tea. Yet, is this really tea? It looks like tea, but it is really an herbal infusion made by steeping hibiscus flowers, orange peel, licorice, cinnamon, rose hips, lemongrass and red poppy in a swirling of hot water.
The original flavor is also slightly reminiscent of hot apple cider or hot cranberry juice which is why it is extra delicious with a cider mix. Tazo Teas are a mysterious experience into which you can lose yourself with a sense of abandon. So far I've tried more flavors than I can count and have always been impressed.
~The Rebecca Review 
I was surprised by some unexpected guests for dinner.  I had not opened the jar before, so I wasn't sure how to use it.  I decided to pour it over boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cover the dish with tin foil and bake.  It was a hit!!  Even my husband liked it, and he is very picky and stuck on old favorites.  I just bought a couple more jars.
I bought some of this after seeing it featured on Food Finds.  At first I thought it would be a good alternative to cranberry sauce at Thanksgiving but it's even better than that.  It's not tart like regular cranberry.....even with all the different tart fruits in the ingredients, it's surprisingly smooth and surprisingly good.  I've tried it on ice cream, with cheese and crackers and have even put it on barbequed pork.  So far, it's been fabulous on everything.  I just keep trying to find more things to try it on!  Will definitely be buying this one again
Our son has a gluten allergy and we have tried everything on the market to replace flour.  None of the mixes tasted hardly edible until we tried Pamela's.  We would use this even if we didn't have to go gluten free.  It is excellent for EVERYTHING from pancakes, waffles, breads, breading, brownies...you get the idea
I received a very well packaged (and promptly shipped even) package of the Habanero Jerky from Mahogany Smoked Meats.
 The jerky itself it obviously made from good meat (vs some of the garbage you'd get from Oberto or whomever). The initial smell is excellent. An aroma of pepper and brown sugar.
 However, the Jerky itself is somewhat sticky. The pieces of the jerky itself are stuck together, so extracting a single piece for consumption becomes a chore. After you're done, your hands are all sticky. My guess is if they manufacturer spent a little longer in a dessicator, we'd have a drier product that tasted just as well.
 As for how spicy. Well, my lips are burning. I like that. I really love Habanero (and in fact grow several varieties at home). This isn't some &quot;slightly spicy&quot; product with the name Habanero in it to make it seem macho. It will scorch your mouth. In my opinion, scorch in a good way.
 The price is great. You'd spend that much at any store, buying a far lower quality of jerky, and just try finding habanero ANYTHING at Safeway.
 Kudos to Amazon for removing yet one more thing from my shopping list. Additional kudos to Mahogany Smoked Meats for having such a wonderful product.
 I've taken one star off for the jerky being so sticky (I guess it's the sugar?), and the difficulty of separating out the pieces of jerky themselves.
 Definitely recommended
A friend went on a trip to Costa Rica and brought this coffee back with her.  I loved it from the first cup.  I've been a Starbucks fan for a long time, but this coffee is way better than Starbucks.  I just received my first order from Cafe Britt.  It arrived very promptly and in great condition.  If you love coffee, I'd highly recommend giving this coffee a try
I'm only a little bit of a coffee nut, but I really like this coffee. My fiance's father brought some back from Costa Rica while he was there on business. I have just finished my bag and already miss it. This was one of the best coffees I have tasted. Well balanced, not too acidic, not too bitter, just right in my opinion. It's really good served traditionally hot, but it's also great iced. And as with all coffees... it's best if you get whole bean and grind it yourself.
My opinion... a must try
If you are only starting your trek into the world of serious coffee appreciation, then I highly suggest you, without haste, purchase one pound at least of whole bean JBM. Also a good grinder, a temperature controlled machine and a decent water filtration system. Pre-ground takes much of the flavor away, compaired to properly done fresh home ground coffee, and coffee is lessened without being prepaired at the correct temperature of filtered water.
But why something so expensive? Why jump in to the deep end of the pool before even getting your feet wet? 
Some may scoff, saying that only a true coffee fanatic would understand or be able to appreciate this blend. That is entirely true. But how can anyone really understand without first having tasted the standard by which all others must be judged?
Thus why this review is only four out of five stars. You see, JBM is so subtle, so complex, that a new tounge will not notice what makes JBM quite so wonderful.
It is a "perfectly" blended coffee. Flavor, bitterness, acidity and aftertaste. On a scale of one to ten, they all rank dead even at five. Every other coffee is like a exaggeration of this hard to get bean.
This should be the first coffee to ever cross the lips of anyone who wants to learn these things. How else can you truely understand the other blends
This is the real deal people.  This is real Jamaican Coffee.  There are a few brands that claim to be from Blue Mountain, but they do not have that authentic taste.  My wife is Jamaican and we have been to Jamaica a few  times, but I never seem to bring back enough coffee so  I set out to find a brand here in the states that would be atleast close to what you get in Jamiaca and this is it.  Wow what flavor
Rooibos is Afrikaans for "red bush." Grown in South Africa's Cederburg Mountains and harvested during the summer, this tea acquires its unique red color as a result of fermentation (in mounds) and oxidization, when it is spread out to dry in the sunlight; naturally it is green.
Rooibos is known for its health benefits stemming from its rich content in vitamins, antioxidants, flavanoids and minerals (inter alia, magnesium, calcium, iron, copper, zinc, potassium, fluoride, manganese and alpha-hydroxy) and has a long tradition of medicinal use among the local Native population; among other things, it is known to help cure asthma, hay fever and other allergies, acne, eczema, colics, indigestion, insomnia, and nervous tension. Containing very few tannins and no caffeine, rooibos has a distinctive aroma and amber color.
This tea blends well with various spices and condiments; my favorite mixture is a delicious loose leaf blend sold by my local tea store, which features orange peel, cinnamon, grated coconut, finely minced chili and red pepper. For a more commercial alternative, though, Tazo's Red Bush tea is a great choice as well: a rich, exquisite blend of rooibos, hibiscus, orange peel, rosemary, several lemon ingredients (lemon myrtle, verbena and balm), as well as a number of sweet spices. Enjoy
I purchased this tea with scepticism because I am a big rooibus fan--I get organic rooibus tea loose and brew it strong with cream.  In general I think rooibus is a good tea that stands on its own--does not need additions.  However, in this case rooibus was used as a base for a nice clean herbal tea blend.  The flavor of rooibus is just the base note.  Congratulations to Tazo for their light touch with hibiscus--if this tea is brewed properly--4 minutes max--it is light and refreshing.  The touch of rosemary really adds a nice freshness to the blend.  If you brew it too long it does decline into a sourness that overshadows the subltety of the other flavors.  I use this when I want a simple herbal tea with no milk
After trying this tea in a sampler pack from Starbucks... I loved it!!! I couldnt believe the flavor. I went pack to purchase it separately and Starbucks said it was only available in sampler packs. So I am thrilled to see I can buy it here
After growing up in Africa, one becomes rather fond of Rooibos tea and I never thought the day would arrive when I would recommend anything but a pure Rooibos tea. Tazo has taken Rooibos tea to a new level by blending African Rooibos (red bush) with hibiscus, lemon myrtle, lemon verbena, orange peel, rosemary, and lemon balm.
Rooibos has quite a distinctive fragrance that reminds me a bit of a fragrant flowers waving in a warm afternoon breeze after an African veld fire. I remember mixing in a tablespoon of condensed milk as a child. Now I mix in powdered milk and honey. Honey seems to bring out the rich flavors in this particular tea blend. 
For some reason, this blend is rather delicious with a toasted and buttered cinnamon/raisin bagel.
I've recently rediscovered the health benefits of Rooibos although I can truly say I've been drinking this tea for most of my existence on this planet. Rooibos is naturally sweet, very aromatic and is high in magnesium, calcium, iron and copper. Mothers in Africa will often add an infusion of this tea to a bottle of milk for babies to cure colic. 
An application of cold Rooibos tea can also aid in clearing the skin or is recommended for allergies, indigestion, insomnia and nervous tension. Just drinking the tea seems to improve your skin due to the high antioxidant levels, 50 times that of green tea! 
This is one of the Tazo teas that should not be steeped for too long because of all the delicate flavors. If you enjoy this tea, you might also want to try Tazo Honeybush tea. I must say that the Tazo company really has my attention with their packaging, amusing tales of ancient Tazo wheels and they know how to blend tea to absolute perfection.
~TheRebeccaReview.com
A loving floral blend mellow and subtule in flavor.  This tea is a real prize gem while I have never seen this tea at any starbucks it was avalible in gift pact and I was amazed.  Buy this tea and drink it by the gallon
Just look at some of the virtues touted by the producers of California Red Seedless Grapes, 1 lbs:
--Great For Eating With Cheese 
--Great For Fruit Salad And Also Makes A Great Snack For Kids 
--"High in Vitamin A, C & Calcium" 
You can't help sitting back and staring in awe at California Red Seedless Grapes, 1 lbs for it's utility and virtues.  On top of all that, they're SEEDLESS!!!!  Praised by greek philosophers for their healing powers, grapes are loved universally by both Democrats and Republicans...yes, a bipartisan fruit needed so badly in a time of partisan divisiveness, congressional sex scandals and unpopular wars.  Grapes bridge the divide between states, both red and blue.  No one can deny the power and tastiness of California Red Seedless Grapes, 1 lbs
I've been ruling Adab, the biggest little city-state in Sumeria, for almost... Has it been 70 years? Wow, it just seems like yesterday Mesh-Ki-Ang-Nanna was vanquished and the kingship was taken from Urim. LOL. 
Anyways, due to my hectic schedule of riding through the streets, standing atop my jeweled chariot pulled by a team of grunting oxen on my way to the ziggurat, I barely have time to be fed anymore. It's not as if I can be expected to munch on a wieldy leg of lamb during my morning full body shave. 
But then one day a traveler who I had commanded to bring back the finest exoticities from the farthest ends of our flat disc, came to me with a handful of small round pellets. He called them "California Red Seedless Grapes". 
I had him immediately put to death for reciting words I had never heard before, but I was intrigued. And wouldn't you know it, but during my afternoon copulation with two dozen virgins, these grapes were exactly what I needed. I was able to do my usual defiling of whomever I choosed and yet due to the curious vine these pellets hung upon, never once was I unable to calm my disgustingly bloated belly. 
And did I mention the taste? IMHO, It's like a glorious gift from Enlil that both An and Ki have given their blessing to, with the bonus of no seeds. I mean seriously, our Gods are truly seers of all to know that I'm no fan of seeds.
But in conclusion while I still don't know where this "California" is, I know that they have a wonderful fruit, and I hope that soon we conquer them. I also hope they have virgins.
Also since I'm already here, you guys heard the one about the three ox-drivers from Adab? You know, where the punchline is "With elaborate words, with elaborate words, the case of the citizens of Adab was settled. Pa-nijin-jara, their sage, the scholar, the god of Adab, was the scribe."? 
LMAO, that gets me every time
Every single item, especially produce, that comes from Gristedes, is top notch.  If I need a particular fruit or vegetable for a special occasion, I know I can rely on them to provide the highest quality and best tasting fruits and veggies.  I was in hospital recently when a big order arrived and our grown children sat around and ate everything with Dad.  They just couldn't believe how good it was, they said.  Never tasted any red grapes that good.  It's that way with everything.  
I've read some negative reviews of Gristedes.  I don't know what happens to cause things to go South.  I can only say I would order my produce every week from them if I made the time to do it.  And it's not THAT expensive, because we're on a fixed income.  Just treat yourself to something special.  You won't regret it
These california grapes are mighty tasty. I eat all the ten grapes. It's good for making wine. It's cheap in the grocery stores cause their on sale
I bought the Dreamfields Penne pasta and Victoria's Vodka Sauce (only 4 carbs per cup of sauce in any grocery store).  I got to stay on my low-carb diet without cheating at all and have Penne a la Vodka for under 10 carbs.  How great is that?
I love this pasta so much that I'm constantly paranoid that it's not really low carb.  There is absolutely no taste difference, and it preps exactly the same as regular pasta
This stuff is great.  A fresh alternative to the regular suspects.  Highly recommended to those who like a bit of a kick in their palate
These are very yummy.  I used to eat the gummy coke bottles all the time in Germany where I grew up.  If you like gummy candy, eat these
LOVE these!  These are a great treat at any age.  I bagged the giant cola bottles, giant crocs and gummy bears in a treat bag for my 4th grade students.  They were savoring the giant cola bottles.  I don't blame them.  I find myself chomping on them, too.  I don't even like coca cola
I didn't realize when I bought them they were so big I just thought they were little bottles . They still have the same great taste
My kid was upset when I got him an improvised Harry Potter broom for Christmas--O.K., it wasn't an officially licensed product, but since magic brooms are imaginary anyway, any stick with a bunch of straw at one end is as good as any other. But no--apparently a Corn Lobby Broom wasn't good enough for him. Anyway, he wouldn't talk to me for a month, which was good at first, but then got really annoying.
For my kid's birthday I decided to get him something really special, so I got him this bag of xanthan gum. I even wrapped it up real nice with wrapping paper and ribbon. My kid opened his present and couldn't figure out what it was. "It's xanthan gum," I told him, "It's gum from outer space. From the planet Xanthan." My kid was busy staring at the label. "No it's not," he slowly replied, and then he began to read, "'Xanthan is made from the outer layer of a tiny, inactive bacterium called Xanthomonas campestris..." "From the planet Xanthan!" I interrupted. Since when did my kid learn to read? I grabbed the bag and opened it. "Here," I stuck a spoon into the white powder, "Try some. It's really good." My kid picked up the spoon and smelled the white powder. "Go on," I said, "you'll really like it!" He hesitated, and then stuck his tongue into the powder. I was starting to get impatient, so I grabbed the spoon from him, "Give it to me, you big chicken," and then I swallowed the powder. The stuff dissolved into a thick, slimy paste in my mouth, but I smiled as I chewed it, "Mmmmm... this is the tastiest xanthan gum in the whole universe!" My kid looked at me as if I were lying. "If you like it so much, then you can have it," he said. "Fine," I replied, "it's too good for you anyway." I figured a little reverse psychology would do the trick. My kid's expression didn't change. "Can I go now?" he asked. "Yeah, fine, get out here," I said. Now I'm stuck with half a pound of xanthan gum and I don't know anyone with wheat allergies or celiac disease I can give this stuff to. Stupid kid
I absolutely am addicted to these.  I was taking Lipitor for my cholestrol and couldn't have pink grapefruit juice or eat pink grapefruit, which I absolutely love.  But these satisfied my craving for it completely plus it didn't interfere with the meds!  I brought the bag to work and put them in my candy jar on my desk and have gotten several other people hooked on them! They're the best
    Haribo's has the best gummi candy.  I love the pink grapefruit, but it is very hard to find unless you have acess to a candy store.  Haribo has the best candy... Amazon has the best price
Different taste from the white grapefruit but both are addicting.  LIke potato chips but not as bad for you.
I love the texture of the coffee.  There is no bitterness and it is very smooth - to where I didn't need cream to cut the flavor.  I am usually not a coffee drinker but a friend told me that this is one of the best she ever had.  This was intended to be a christmas gift for her but out of curiosity I bought one for myself to include with the  7 bags for her.  I now know the difference!  Believe me, I had thought that instant tasted way better then "real" coffee until a I had a cup of this java.  I was almost tempted not to give the rest of the coffee away.
Also, the shipment was very fast!  I had ordered this with other items (books and DVDs).  The coffee came in within the week but the other items didn't come in at all.  Infact every time I checked the progress, amazon kept pushing the items further away in the shipment date.  I couldn't understand this at all!  I had to cancel the rest of the order and buy the items elsewhere.  Go figure
This is some of the best coffee I have ever had.  Short of sitting in a Costa Rican resturaunt and having each cup of coffee made right before your eyes, I would suggest buying a bag of these beans.  My family has brought this coffee back with us from Costa Rica when opportunity permits, and now I am very excited that it is available online.  Once you have tried this coffee you will understand how coffee was meant to be consumed
I received my beans in a promptly manner and was able to make vanilla extract, vanilla sugar, and have extra for cooking purposes. The beans were moist, fresh, and very aromatic
I have had my friends taste the Hungarian then taste the Spanish paprica ans the Hungarian won all of them over.  It truely makes any meat taste better and the gravy is out of this world
If one has to be on a restricted diet and finds a company, or in this case a bakery that supplies treats to those who can not eat regular sweets, this wonderful bakery is the answer.  Their bagels, danishes and doughnut are very good.  Yes, they are smaller than the usual portions, but the quality is A+.  They have packed their danishes in regular cake pastry boxes and their doughnuts in plastic form cases to protect the doughnuts.  The Service is excellent.  They ship on Monday through Wednesday with two day shipping.  I am a regular customer, especially for their hearty low carb bagels
*****
Tazo's China Green Tips Green Tea is a slightly stronger green tea than Tazo's Zen, and I liked that it doesn't contain Tazo's omnipresent "natural flavors" that almost all of their other teas contain, which to me is not an advantage. I like a natural, real taste with real ingredients sans vague "natural flavors" and sans flavorings, sans essences, etc. China Green Tips delivers this in a cleaner, purer way than Tazo's other teas. I liked this green tea!
The ingredients in China Green Tips are simply spring-harvested green teas from China. It contains caffeine. Note that this review is for the loose tea leaves (in other words, no tea bags!).
Tazo is an interesting company that makes only super premium teas. They are socially responsible, based in Portland, and have the motto, "The Reincarnation of Tea". Tazo is owned by Starbucks. Their web site is fun and quirky, with a Zen-type focus, definitely worth checking out. It is unclear, though, from their web site, how many of their ingredients are organic or kosher, and they do use some "natural flavors" in their teas--this wording seems a little vague and unnecessary for a super premium tea. China Green Tips has none of these "natural flavors" and it shows in the quality and cleanliness of the tea experience.
On the accompanying information with the product, Tazo writes, "a traditional Chinese green tea with a delicate fresh taste and a light green liquor." This is the perfect way to describe this tea! On their web site, Tazo describes the flavor profile of China Green Tips as "grassy, vegetative, sweet, ricey". Tazo describes the aroma as "vegetative, popcorn". 
I would rate this tea, and Tazo in general, as very good---better than premium teas like Stash or Celestial Seasonings---but not as good as Numi or Aspen. Still, this tea is excellent, so I'm breaking my tradition with Tazo teas and giving it five stars. If you enjoy super premium teas, and are stuck with Tazo for some reason, choose China Green Tips and you will be quite satisfied. I can't honestly say that about any other Tazo tea.
****
The smoothest cup of coffee I have ever enjoyed. Mild yet distinctive in character with a fine finish(the aftertaste in the mouth after you swallow.) 
On a recent visit to Costa Rica, My wife and I visited a Britt coffee plantation. On a very well prepared tour, we were shown the origen and migration of coffee cultivation. In addition we were shown what makes a great coffee, great. 100% Arabica beens grown at high altitude plantations whose soil contains volcanic ash.
The roasts were explained in the following terms;
Light Roast, the smooth tasting coffee with the greatest caffein content. Tastes similar to Chock Full o' Nuts coffee.
Medium Roast, more full bodied.
Dark Roast, Stronger taste similar to many after dinner coffees.
French Roast, stronger yet, fullbodied as you would find at retail coffee shops .
These egg whites work great and are economical.  I recently started a diet where I can only eat egg whites.  It seems such a waste to throw out the yolks, not to mention the mess of separating the eggs.  I use these mostly for baking and to add protein when cooking other foods.  Adding the powder has saved me a lot of time preparing the diet foods.  The powdered egg whites do have an "eggy" odor and have a slight aftertaste which is easily overcome by adding vanilla or other extracts when making protein shakes or other sweets
I add this stuff to my protein shakes, and it doesn't ruin the taste as long as you keep the mix in proportion
Recently on a new diet (that works) - Cannot eat whole eggs so was trying to find a large container for a good price. Honeyville grain company has this 2.25 lb can for $14.99. I paid $13.99 for 57 egg white in a 8 oz can - Figure this out - This can has 301 egg whites. 
Also, Steel Cut Oats from Honeville Grain - a 70 oz can for $7.99 - You can't beat this price.
Glori
I recently started a diet where I could only eat the egg white, not the yolk because of the fat content. I make a fruit smoothie every morning using egg whites as my protein source. The powdered egg whites have simplified my mornings and saved me alot of time in the kitchen (anyone who has spent time seperating eggs knows what I'm talking about)...not to mention not having to worry about salmonella anymore. I also saved a boatload of money compared to buying the whole eggs. This is a fantastic product and well worth the cost
I use these onions for just about everything.  They are pretty mild and really add a nice, light flavor to your cooking.  This is about what I pay for three pounds so keep that in mind too when you order.  But, then again, it is online shopping for groceries so I guess it has to be pricey.  I use these on a daily basis and never seem to have onion breath!  Great, great stuff and I highly recommend them
I bought a 5lb. bag of these actually, and left my groceries near my desk at work.  Bad move.  My boss, ever the degenerate gambler, decided the best way to entertain himself on a slow day at work, was to have some of us engage in an onion-eating-contest.  Thankfully, the mild and slightly sweet taste of "Fresh Spanish Onions" helped me persevere over my opponent, an intern who we will refer to only as "Will C."  His choice of red onions cost him the match, as well as a date with Carol from accounting (to say nothing of the mess he had to clean up in the men's room, and his doctor's subsequent recomendation that he get a colostomy).  I'd like to thank Bill from Produce at Gristedes for his suggestion of "Fresh Spanish Onions"-- I owe ya one, buddy.  Now if only I could get my sense of smell back
This is best used when chopped into little pieces and spread copiously throughout the house.  It leaves a lovely aroma that will have your guests talking
I highly recommend these onions. They are absolutely fab! Great in anything from salsa fresca to roasted pork. They are even great on their own or fresh. Just don't let the wife smell you
I am eskimo from  great north, where only milk source whale. Milking whale not easy.  I sell tuscan whole milk to all my inuit brothers.....make me very wealthy.  I have igloo mansion, envy of many men.
As I lay in my non-oversized, non-jetted tub in my four star hotel in Portland, Oregon -- I unscrew the red plastic top of my beloved Tuscan Whole Milk. I savor the moment, taking a swig from my bottle of whiskey and swishing it slowly before I swallow. I'm building to the moment. Braving up for the inevitable splash of cold, white wonderful as it hits my joyful skin. "Hummana!" I exclaim, as the first drops hit my complimentary shower cap. Won't this be a treat. If only it came with a milkmaid.
Four teAts UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
Tuscan Whole Milk Creed:
...And Saint Gristedes raised his glass up on high, saying, "O Lord, bless this Thy empty glass that with it Thou mayest nourish Thine self with Thy mercy." And the Lord did grin and the angles did sing. The Lord spake, saying, "Gristedes, thou shalt receive Thy nectar of Thy grace. The blessed Tuscan Whole Milk!" And Saint Gristedes did gaze upon the light and say, "Oh Lord, how mayest Thy nourish Thine self with such?" And the Lord spake again, saying, "First shalt thou remove the Holy Safety Seal and Holy cap, then shalt hold to Thine mouth. The mouth be the place Thou shalt place the Tuscan Whole Milk, and the place shall be the mouth. Only the mouth shalt be the place, and the place shalt only be the mouth. Once Thou mouth has graced, drink thou thy Tuscan Whole Milk and be nourished, in my sight, with my blessing, forever and ever, till the cows come home." Amen.
All work and no Tuscan Whole Milk makes Brian a dull boy. 
All work and no Tuscan Whole Milk makes Brian a dull boy. All work and no Tuscan Whole Milk makes Brian a dull boy. All work and no Tuscan Whole Milk makes Brian a dull boy. All work and no Tuscan Whole Milk makes Brian a dull boy.
   "All work and no Tuscan Whole Milk makes Brian a dull boy," All work and no Tuscan Whole Milk makes Brian a dull boy.
All work and no Tuscan Whole Milk makes Brian a dull boy. All work and no Tuscan Whole Milk makes Brian a dull boy. All work and no Tuscan Whole Milk makes Brian a dull boy. All work and no Tuscan Whole Milk makes Brian a dull boy. All work and no Tuscan Whole Milk makes Brian a dull boy. All work and no Tuscan Whole Milk makes Brian a dull boy. All work and no Tuscan Whole Milk makes Brian a dull boy
As i frantically searched for my movie the Postman, I decided to order some tuscan whole milk. As i serched threw the frist 100 binders i could not find it. Then i heard the knocking on my door, I rushed to find the postman. I opened the box and grabbed the gallon of whole milky goodness. i opened it to hear the popping of freshness. I procedded to drink the whole gallon. Soon after I finished the milk I was blessed with sight beyond sight. I found my movie in the 256 binder, on page 75 in the lower left hand corner. I seen it so brillantly and put it in the dvd player. Unfortantllly I had to wait until my sight was returned to normal. I waited for a total of three months and then I was able to watch my movie. Thank you Tuscan Milk
tuscan milk kosher!
vitamin D and grade A!
good source calcium!
thank you
"This one caught us by surprise! We don't know of any other pod maker that has this flavor and it's really good! We love the way it smells - the way it tastes - and the fact it is just plain different. Most pod people are ignoring the flavored sector to this extent - and it's nice to have a cup of really flavored coffee - meaning - a rich...flavored cup of coffee is hard to come by and this one is very good." - singleservecoffee.com
El Yucateco hot sauces are great. I've been enjoying the red and green for a long time. I also tried the other ones, the Carribean which is good, and the Habanero Extra Hot sauce is exactly what its called, it is hotter than all the others. I think the best El Yucateco I've tried was the Chipotle one, which sadly is not included. Overal El Yucateco has some real good hot sauces which are not just hot but big on flavor
It is very difficult to find Merguez and these were excellent and arrived in excellent condition and tasted very good
Product came in good condition and was DELICIOUS!  It is expensive, but very good
My family has purchased this hot cocoa several times now and whenever we get close to running out we make sure to get more ASAP. We first got it at a local market but now get it through Amazon. We have had great experience with the vendor and the cocoa itself. It can be used for traditional hot choclate without being too sweet like the mass produced brands and makes an excellent mix with Coffee. We have even used it to make cold drinks, ice, milk and Azteca D'Oro is my son's favorite cold drink
Order placed through Amazon and product received
2 days later. Interesting that the Amazon
price is lower than going to the mocafe
web site directly. Great product - hard to find
elsewhere though occasionally carried by
Trader Joe's
It is as close to theatre topping as it could be.  Good taste, good flavor A+ in my book or should I say on my popcorn
Im not sure about the other products out there but this stuff will make you believe your at the theater...the only problem is with the application..there are no instructions and its really thick so i have found the only way is to pour some into a small container (i used an old mustard squirt container) then spread cooked popcorn all level in the maker then apply some liberally on top then mix it all together...after doing that twice the popcorn is perfect the only problem is that itmakes the popcorn maker ALLOT messier then if you applied it somewhere else...good luc
This Butter Flavored Popcorn Topping is perfect if you're looking to make popcorn that tastes like what you get at the movie theatre.  It is a very large bottle, however, so you better like popcorn a lot if you're thinking about purchasing this product. 
A couple of years ago, my friend Rockie brought back some samples of Market Spice tea from Seattle. Everyone loved it! It has a strong spicy orange flavor. I am so glad it is now available at Amazon
A friend from Seattle told me about the tea.  It is suprisingly good.  When I open this 50 pack at work all of my co-worker wanted to try it.  Most like it but one think it is too strong for her taste.  I have many different kind of tea at home.  This one definitely has it place
We have enjoyed Market Spice Tea since our first taste at a local Las Vegas coffee house. When the coffee house closed a couple of years ago we didn't even know how to get it again until last summer when we went to Seattle on vacation. The tea is delicious, ordering it on Amazon was easy, the delivery was fast and we all had it for Christmas
Can't beat it!  This was made world famous in Pike Place Market and is now available on the internet
I love Market Spice tea and wish that it was something I could buy locally.  The only downside is a short shelf life, but I keep it in the refrigerator and voila! I enjoy a daily cup of tea
This tea is excellent. Spicy and naturally sweet, so no added sugar is necessary if you like a sweet tea. Highly recommended.
This is by far the best tea you will ever find if you like a bold, in your face, but not overwhelming taste of cinnamon & oranges instead of just flavored water like other teas.  
You must be very careful handling the tea bags from the essential oils they use.  I love to smell tea so I placed the tea bag to my nose and took a whiff, then cried for the next 30 minutes as my nose was on fire!!  No amount of water or soap could remove the burning from the oils that were displaced on my nose.  Also don't directly touch it or reach into the bag with acrylic nails.  I ruined a fresh french manicure and learned the hard way - the essential oils leave a green film on your nails that takes days to wear off.
Other than that, just try it once and you will be hooked like all the others!  My boss introduced this to me after she came back with it from a trip to Seatle.  I've been ordering it ever since along with all my other co-workers who became a addicted.  It will brighten any day!!!!!! 
This tea is premium.  Don't accept green tea in bags; it is less tasty and probably less healthy.
Here are just a few medical conditions in which drinking green tea is reputed to be helpful:
* cancer
* rheumatoid arthritis
* high cholesterol levels
* cariovascular disease
* infection
* impaired immune function
 * acne, omg.
And drink four cups a day for the ultimate tea benefits
I don't know why we can't get excellent quality green tea powder in this country without having to pay a fortune for it.
but the previous reviewer doesn't know that with his "jittery" comments.  He loves looking at what he writes on products he knows nothing about and doesn't even try.  Never helpful but allways full of himself, and all that for your pleasure!  All for the price of nothing.... and thats what its worth
Drink tea. You'll like the tea. Especially the tea in the big tin. And if you drink enough of this tea, you'll be very healthy - or very awake and jittery. ONe of the two. Either way you can throw the tin at your neighbors when they are having another loud party outside. And that can't be bad
MarketSpice tea is a great, aromatic blend of teas and spices that delivers a rich, full flavor. Unlike any other spice tea I have tried. This tea is great to sip on a brisk winter morning. Be sure to keep the unused tea bags in a tightly sealed container as some of the aromatic oils with evaporate off if left open to the air
This tea is great with a little sugar or honey. It is the kind of tea to have on a cold snowy winter day. Make a cup, sit back wrapped in an afgan, and let your mind wander as you sip this orange spice tasting tea. The longer you leave the tea bag in the hot water, the better.
Grandma Sharon from Illinois farm country
As a classic Seattle tea, this tea brings back memories of hiding away from the rainy weather sipping a delicious naturally sweet cinnamon citrus tea. When I drink this tea, I am home again. This tea has a unique personality that seems to embody the entire mood of Seattle in one cup. 
This is a delicious tea that should be brewed for at least 5 minutes to bring out all the flavors. You can sweeten this more if you like with Stevia or a natural sugar to enhance the natural sweetness. It is good with a touch of Muscovado Sugar from India Tree. 
~The Rebecca Review
I am a Seattle native who constantly finds herself living either abroad or on the 'other' coast.  
As an avid tea drinker I frequently find myself with other epicureans and always try to convince them that Market Spice tea is the greatest tea blend EVER!!
Now that I can buy Market Spice on Amazon, I can finally prove it
The scent of this tea brewing is a real wake-me-up.  Cinnamon, nutmeg, allspice, and orange peel are some of the very redolant flavors.  The cinnamon is so strong that it gives a slight burning  feeling in the mouth--one of my favorite things about this tea.  I'm not a huge tea drinker, but I really enjoy this in winter.  It's great for mulling things as well--apples, pears, and wine.  My only complaint is that it is not 100% reliant on chopped ingredients and there are some flavors added.  But it's still incredibly good and nice for a thoughtful morning or evening.  Makes me miss Seattle, WA and Pike Place Market
I felt like I was at the movies when I received this gift basket as a present along with the movie Man on Fire. Plenty to Share with friends & family or keep for yourself while watching a good trilog
This green curry is really, really good. The only thing that would make it 5 stars would be a few more vegetables. But the flavor is excellent. Nice and spicy
Nice good, clean bag of flour. The amazon store I received it from shipped quickly, and the flour was as expected. Organic, and... flour
I ordered these for my father and ended up eating a few bags myself.  They are better than the ones at the candy stores!! 
I enjoy eating Quinoa. It is an excellent product that I will continue to use
Love it.  Cooks up easily, just like rice, and comes with a booklet of recipes.  Really good for you and makes a great side dish that is high in protein but eats like a carb
These pods are very expensive, but the taste is incredible. Please reply to this review if you find better (seems hardly possible)
This is a serious espresso. 100% Pure Espresso Roast Kona coffee that produces the finest espresso you will ever have.
It's extremely smoooooth and rich and not even a hint of bitterness. If you're looking for the best cup of espresso you just found it!!!
I'm very pleased with this tea.  
I boil a pot of water and then take the lid off and let it cool to the right temperature, which is around 200 degrees Fahrenheit.  I let it steep for about five minutes and then remove my infuser and pour myself a cuppa nice, light oolong.  It's good and relaxing.
Arrived in the container seen in the picture, with the tea sealed up in a little plastic bag inside of it.  I'd recommend it
These are actually pretty darn good. Nice consistency for what they are with a nice chocolate taste
These sugar free peanut butter cups were so good, everyone was eating them.  Would purchase them again. Quick delivery too
This is the best waffle mix you can buy. I was able to purchase this at Publix for years then it became hard to find. I had to purchase from a online seller buy the case. Not a problem-freezes well for over a year in box. The packs are two to a box-five waffles to a pack(min.). Add blueberries and you have yourself a great breakfest. All other store brand Belgian Waffle mix offered in every store chain pale in comparsion. The person that said this was awful... a few ideas. Heat the water you add for 1 minute in microwave- this makes the dough rise for fluffy waffles-then do the same for the butter you add to the mix ( this adds moisture to the dough) stir in blueberries and everyone here asks for seconds. My husband eats breakfest in Amsterdam six times a month and he has never complained nor made comparisions about these waffles- nothing but excellent taste with a real hint of malt flavoring.
Some math- National Breakfest Chain $7.00 for one Belgian Waffles or 10 waffles for $3.79 plus the cost of the blueberries- how can you beat that! Don't forget the fresh whipped cream
"This one caught us by surprise! We don't know of any other pod maker that has this flavor and it's really good! We love the way it smells - the way it tastes - and the fact it is just plain different. Most pod people are ignoring the flavored sector to this extent - and it's nice to have a cup of really flavored coffee - meaning - a rich...flavored cup of coffee is hard to come by and this one is very good." - singleservecoffee.co
Received my vanilla beans very quickly.  They arrived fresh, sealed well and exactly as we'd hoped
I loved the vanilla beans sent by JR Mushrooms.  They price was great and the quality was equal to more expensive beans
I was not sure what to expect upon receiving a box of this tea as a gift during the holiday season, and indeed the ingredients struck me as rather unusual.  Being a person who generally likes my tea and coffee black with no flavoring whatsoever, I was rather suspicious of the orange, grapefruit, and other extra 'scents'.  However, I was delighted with the concoction.  The extras are definately present, giving a slightly citric quality to the tea but are not the least bit overpowering and provide a unique  aroma that is quite pleasing.  
I do recommend steeping it for a long time to get the most out of the leaves, especially if you are to get the citric scents that make it so unique. 
I first had this tea served at the Firebird Resturant in New York. They served it in traditional Russian tea glasses with sweetened cherries from Moldavia (no sugar). This is by far the best way to enjoy this fine tea, but even when I'm in less civilized parts of the country Prince Vladimir with a spoonful of sugar is wonderful.
Sing in me oh muse on this snow day, and let me proclaim the many virtues of this fine tea. The scent and flavor of this tea are as close to my conception of ambrosia as anything else that has yet crossed my palate. It is full without being overbearing, it is seasoned without being overpowering. It's great with anything from English breakfast fare to hardy curry. 
Since conception, I have been in love with tea, but "the Prince" was my first fine tea. I have still not recovered from the episode in which my father-in-law-to-be proved to me that bag tea was a crime against humanity. And yet despite amorous flirtations with rare white teas and other wondrous Indian and Chinese estate varieties with unpronounceable names, it's still my favourite.
Never mind the tea purist snobs who rank on it because it's flavored with spice. Would they send back a fine filet because the chef elected to use some pepper or shallots? Ignore the herbal tea-totalers who regard caffeine as sinful. They probably want to outlaw yoga on Sunday too. 
Of the five or so Kousmichoff varieties I've had, this one is the clear winner. I've gotten my best results using HOT water steeping for five to six minutes. The stuff is potent enough that you can get, gasp, a reasonably tannin-free second infusion.
My only reservation is this; once you've entered the universe of fine tea, you can never be satisfied drinking Lipton, Salada, Twinings or Tetley again. In guise of gifts, I have managed to get many of my gastronome friends and relations addicted so that I may sup of it when I visit. Isn't it a delicious irony that perhaps the greatest bourgeoisie decadence of the Romanoff dynasty is  today preserved by our friends in socialist France? Viva la Revolution!
rws, 26/1/0
I have used this flask for about a month now - I absolutely love it! I purchased this based on the reputation of the Bodum brand. I have never had a problem with any kind of leakage or spillage. It has tipped over before with no problems, I highly recommend this for anyone
People are always focusing on the 2%, but what about the 98%?
I mean, really....98% is like a 790 on the SAT or an A+ in school or a 3.99 on a 4.00 scale. A 98 is really, really good....just like this milk, the 128 oz. of Tuscan 2% milk in the plastic jug.
But you gotta wonder about the price, I mean, they get the cream for the butter right? You gave up some of your whole milk delights for someone else's butter so I think we should get a price break or something. Or maybe some kind of gift certificate when Tuscan Butter is finally available online
Tuscan, tuscan milk
Husky tuscan milk
Large and in charge
Makes the other milks cry
I'm not telling you why.
From out of cow nipples
It creamily ripples
Into our hearts.
Tuscan, tuscan
Mil
Finally, a healthy alternative to Tuscan Whole Milk.  There are those who will say that the milk of the 2% cow is somehow inferior to that of the larger "whole" cow.  To them I say, hooey!  This milk is nearly 49% as tasty as Tuscan Whole Milk.
My doctor recently told me I'd have to give up Tuscan Whole Milk due to my high cholesterol.  After some angry surfing I came upon Amazon's literally life-saving alternative.  This magical elixir is nearly as potent.  And best of all, no sales tax and super saver shipping!  I can wait a week for my milk, Amazon, just keep giving me that great Tuscan 2% milky goodness
Nothing says 'Taste of Italy' like a gallon of Tuscan's finest.  The aromatic flavor of your favorite vintage is proper with any main course, even veal!  It's even great paired with dessert!  Don't be fooled by cheap imitations folks, this is the real thing!
Remember: If it's Tuscan, it's Kosher!  Now with extra whiteness
Look, nothing is better when it comes to a liquid substance. My gay lover and I tried the whole milk first, but I fear it was too thick.  There was no motion in our ocean! So, I switched to the 2% and everything is peachy.  When we get thirsty, we just pop the cork open and take a swig.  When sweaty, we leave the cork off and roll around and let the milk cover our bodies!  Ahhh, Tuscan Milk. 
It caresses the inside of my mouth like the sinuous tongue of my beloved
Everything was as expected. Fast delivery. It is a good gift for any occasion
Okay, maybe the heading exagerates just a tad... Red Popcorn has a MUCH more tender husk than regular popcorn does and when it pops, it explodes the kernel so well that the husks basically disappear.  When it pops, it looks pretty much like any other popcorn, except that the popped kernels are slightly smaller than usual.  The meet is white, but you can see the little bits of red kernel in them.  You would never know that the pretty, white popcorn you were eating started out red-colored if you hadn't seen it before popping.
The flavor is great!  It smelled "toastier" as it was popping than other popcorns we've tried.  We tried it all different ways, with toppings ranging from sweet to savory and every way was good.
We also liked the fact that it is grown by Amish people and are happy to support their efforts to raise their crops the "old way."  They believe in sustainable farming and a clean, wholesome way of life.  No ConAgra multi-national conglomerates here, just real, individual farmers making a living off their land.
Great products raised and produced by real farmers.  What better reasons do you need to buy some of this really tasty popcorn!
I've tried lots of coffee pods, and Black Mountain Gold is by far THE BEST!! The flavor is always full and rich, never bitter. The Moka Java is delicious.  
I tried making my own fondant 3 times with no success.   Trying to stir the muck recipe books told me to make broke every wooden spoon I had.  This is SO EASY!  The instructions are right on the bag--you just add it to melted butter!  So simple, much easier than everything I have tried in the past.  If you want to make your own candy this is what you need.  Save a wooden spoon, buy dry fondant today
This chocolate was great - the first time I used a fondue fountain I used chocolate chips - I had no idea you have to melt it beforehand in a pot, then add oil to it in order to use it - I ended up adding too much oil and ruined the whole thing - then someone told me about using liquid chocolate - it was so much easier you just have to pour it in.  And the taste was amazing - if I didnt find this I probably would never have used my fountain again..
This chocolate has ruined me for any other.  If you like the Dove dark chocolate candy you will love this.  It's smooth and creamy, like drinking a dark chocolate bar.  And it's not fattening.  Only 100 calories dissolved in 1/3 c. milk; yet it seems to make about 1/2 cup.  That's all you need.  It's rich, filling, and very satisfying.  I just wish amazon had the complete list of products.  This is not for people that like hershey's chocolate!     
Being French, these have always been one of my favorites. The reviewer before me obviously didn't know how to cook these, so hear: You must bake them in the oven until they crack open, and even then, let them get slightly burnt. The crispy, blackened parts are always everyone's favorites! 
These sausages are very tasty and highly nutritious, while low-fat (compared to regular sausages), so give them a try!!
The best side dish to go with these is either mashed potatoes, or un-sweetened fresh applesauce (delicieux!).
Enjoy
These are not for weight control but are very diabetic friendly.  It is so nice to once again be able to enjoy one of my favorite cookies and keep control of my blood sugar.  If you are a diabetic and loved Oreo's I recommend trying these
I eat popcorn all the time and have used this salt for a couple of years.  I disagree that it has a chemical taste, but taste is always pretty subjective. If you like alternatives to salt, give it a try.
...and so far, this sometimes-hard-to-find tea "OM" is the best yet.  The undertones of Peach are stronger than the Cucumber.  The taste is incredible - simultaniously comforting the sipper and awakening their taste buds to the unique mix of green and black tea used in creating this little "treasure in a cup"!  I am hording the last bag I have!
It's certified Organic AND it's Kosher.  What more could you ask for?
The little quote from the back of the paper sleeve Tazo created may convince you - even if my review does not :  "The word Om is frequently seen on prayer wheels, stones and flags as you walk through the Himalayas.  To merely say it releases a vibration of peace.  Imagine what happens when you drink it.
These steaks were tender and tasted very good.  So good in fact, we ordered more
When you have to impress the in-laws or that new girlfriend... or actually whenever you just want the perfect burger!!  These babies are preformed, shrink wrapped, and are perfect for the grill.  I have yet to have one be less than perfect.  The difference between these burgers and the ones from Krogers are immense!  I usually grill mine outside, but even when we put them on the fry pan, they come out fantastic.  I can not recommend these burgers highly enough.
I usually wait until Omaha offers a really good steak deal with free burgers thrown in and then make my order in bulk. Always arrives when they say it will and never fails to please.  One aside... the "extras" like knives and cutting boards are throw-aways... wait til there are good meat sales!!!  Also... try the beef tips... They are to die for!!
Enjoy,
Ja
I recently received a shipment of Omaha burgers.  I normally order the filets.  The burgers were perfect size for a hamburger bun, they are pre-formed and uniformly sized -- that way they're all done cooking at the same time.  The ground beef was high quality and didn't shrink at all and the burgers had full flavor.
They are a little pricey for burgers, but I will order them again for their quality.  They're perfect when having a small group of friends over for a cookout
Wonderful for eating as a snack right out of the can or in cereal.  Not hard little rock-like things, but real blueblueberries
I sent this coffee to two friends back east.  they thoroughly enjoyed getting it and said it was delicious
This is my favorite starbucks roast, but why dont you just go to your local starbucks to purchase this, its the same price if you just go there and you dont have to pay for shipping and handeling and all that stuff, plus they will grind it for you there
It's interesting when you find out that tapioca pearls are actually those little bubbly round things you find in pudding.  They are REALLY good.  This is a great product.  I recommend it
I'm definitely a satisfied customer.  My DHL package got to me damaged and the box was wet. The Bubble Tea customer service representatives where wonderful about replacing it.  I will buy from them again!  They have excellent customer service in my book! Thanks.  
Ange
I received my package via UPS in a reasonable amount of time.  The coffee itself is smooth and very flavorful, but not fake-tasting.  However,I did waste a few pods trying to perfect the use.  For some reason, a couple of cups came out really weak.  So, I referred to the Senseo handbook for a hint.  Now, when I put a pod in, I make sure to smooth it out on top and make sure it is in evenly and snugly.  That seems to have solved the problem. 
"This one caught us by surprise! We don't know of any other pod maker that has this flavor and it's really good! We love the way it smells - the way it tastes - and the fact it is just plain different. Most pod people are ignoring the flavored sector to this extent - and it's nice to have a cup of really flavored coffee - meaning - a rich chocolate and raspberry flavored cup of coffee is hard to come by and this one is very good." singleservecoffee.co
I dont know about the slimming effects, but the tea tastes grea
This popcorn oil does indeed make your popcorn taste like theater popcorn.  It is simple and easy to use.  I use it in my Whirley-Pop stovetop popper and my popcorn comes out perfect every time.  My family and friends love it.
Gives a really nice taste to popcorn.  I wasn't expecting it to be solid - looks more like shortening than oil, but it does taste good.  You can smell the coconut oil.  Tastes like theater popcorn
This product really does work,especially in the stir crazy popper.It makes crunchy popcorn every time
I recieved my package today, much quicker than I expected. The items in the set were so fresh; also I really enjoyed the festive packaging. I love Thai food, and have recently am trying to adopt a totally Asian way of cooking for health reasons, I am now in my third week, and have lost 15 pounds, and pain from my fibro and RA is gone. In addition to the health benefits from Thai cooking, is it satisfies my taste...I don't crave fatting spicy foods, or even sweets anymore...:). I encourge those that want to try, to give it a shot...it's not as hard as it looks. If you live in area, such as I do..and have limited access to Thai ingredients, this package will get you on your way..to health wholesome Thai foods...thanks for offering this product...Pa
Having lived in what I consider the coffee capitol of the United States, Portland, I am confident in my personal assertion that Torrefazione Italia was the finest coffee shop out there. The environment was warm and exotic while the coffee was second to none, poured by authentic baristas. Now that these coffee shops have been closed by Starbucks I am thrilled to still be able to purchase the beans here on Amazon. Give them a try and I bet you won't go back to whatever it is that you are drinking now.
Just received this set today, and I'm already on my second cup.
I can't wait to show our dinner guests this set so they can feel like they are dining in a 5 star restaurant
It is impossible to go back to regular coffee after you drink this stuff. My husband drinks kona every day and i have gotten several friends hooked on it. I highly recomend this product! And company the Kona island coffee company is great they always get the coffee out quick and if there is ever anything wrong the will work with you to fix it. :
The matcha tea is exactly what i expected.  Extremely green, great flavor.  Keep in mind i'm in no way a matcha expert but from my limited experience with this type of tea (starbucks, etc.) it was great.  Got the product within days of ordering it far before the estimated date of delivery.  Highly recommend this seller
Bought to use in a cheesecake recipe that we've been enjoying for a year now using instant powder subsitutes...this is a reasonably-priced nice-sized sample to use. $5 shipping is a bit goofy for a soft 1-oz. packet of powder, but luckily I had a gift certificate. I look forward to trying different recipes with this. Cheesecake tastes good, a lot earthier/more organic now that we have the real matcha. I think I'll try making iced lattes now. Too bad it didn't come in the cute little round tin that they show it in...that was an appealing package but the resealable soft packet is nice too
I use this powder to make the Jamba Juice equivalent of the Matcha Green Tea Blast. It does a great job in reproducing the taste. I'd recommend this supplier
My recipe for Iced Green Tea Latte.  1 teaspoon (approx 4 gms) green tea powder, A pinch (1gm) of soy protein powder, 1 tablespoon sugar - mix with 1 tablespoon hot water and let seep for 2 mins.  Add milk (8-10 oz) and ice
this product was exactly what I had hoped for as i was coming across recipes that called for matcha powder. It worked perfect and makes an excellent cup of tea (a little goes a long way, i definately feel i got my moneys worth). Try it in panna cotta
I enjoy Starbuck's version w/melon flavor in latte and frapuccino. At home I just blend mine with vanilla soy milk which I think tastes awesome
This was my dad's absolute favorite candy. He loved orange and bittersweet chocolate best of any flavors and this was, for him a match made in heaven. I adore it as well. After my dad passed away, I found a stash of them in his cupboard. They aren't easy to find, but they make a most welcome after-dinner sweet with coffee for guests.
The product description calls the Orangettes "Belgian Vitamin C."  Except for the luxury price, I'm sure Belgians must be pretty healthy with these around.  They're amazing!  The combination of orange peel and chocolate has long been popular, but Leonidas does it very well.  The dark chocolate is very rich, not bitter, and completely covers the orange peel (which retains a good flavor and isn't overly sweet).  Unlike other chocolatiers who often dip the peel only partially, Leonidas has made certain to put their chocolate center stage by using a generous portion.  The result is an addictive treat because the flavors linger on the palate and the Orangettes aren't so sweet as to become cloying.
I don't know if these guys are really going to improve your health, but they will definitely improve your day.  In my opinion, they're worth the money as an occasional purchase and certainly worth a one-time try.  
The packaging is a gold box, wrapped in blue and white Leonidas paper with a gilt deep purple box.  For shipping, the package was placed inside a sturdy styrofoam shell.  Mine arrived within three days and looked like I'd purchased them at the store to give as a gift
This freeze dried peaches are great!  I found freeze dried peaches in my local health food store, but they were so expensive, I was looking for something more economicial.  These fit the bill perfectly.  The peices range in size from a small to a large crouton, great bite sized peices that you can pop into your mouth.  Shipping was fast too, the order was  shipped out on the same day and I had them at my door in less than a week (a lot quicker than when Amazon said they would be delivered)
I was completely satisfied with this purchase.  The preserved lemons were perfect (dinner guests loved the special flavor they added to a chicken/almonds/olive dish) and the company shipped the order very quickly.  A quality item, well-packed and promptly shipped, at a fair price. 
Finally a lemon that can be preserved for future generations to see and behold it's yellow glory.
Thank you modern science
I love this stuff having grown up in Hong Kong, then a British colony, we ate this stuff like water.  It's an acquired taste though if you were not brought up on it. Spread it thin over bread and butter.  Delicious
The item arrived in a timely manner and was represented correctly.  I'll use this company again
Marmite is great. its like eating the stuff you would scrape off the sole of your shoe after you'd been walking around in an old factory for a day. I think it tells about the character of a small island population that came to rule the world. Thank god, they left before they had the rest of us eating this filth
For those of us brought up on Vegemite, Marmite doesn't make the grade.  For those brought up on Marmite, Vegemite seems a poor substitute.  For Americans who only seem to put sweet stuff on their cake (oops, I mean "bread") both are revolting.
I think that a major reason why Americans abhor these savoury spreads is that being used to spreading honey and jam on their breakfast toast, they tend to use like quantities of Vegemite or Marmite.  To uninitiated the taste of either spread applied so lavishly is going to be overwhelming.  Before passing judgment on these spreads, you would do well to heed the advice of "Joanna" or "mtspace" and apply thinly. It also works best with very fresh bread or hot toast.
Incidentally, I believe that Marmite was first.  Vegemite was an Australian imitation created several years later.  It was originally called Parwill - a pun which will be appreciated by Aussies and Brits but which may not be understood by Americans because of the way the words are pronounced.
I only give Marmite four stars.  That probably tells you my upbringing
I went to UK for the first time a couple of years back. My friends introduced me to Marmite as something some people enjoyed when they couldn't afford eggs and bacon. The Mr said it was made from a by-product of beer, I thought he was joking at first.  Spread it thinly on a piece of dry toast, served properly, he demonstrated then handed to me. It was surprisingly strong but I liked it. Savory [or savoury as they would spell it] like bacon or other cooked meats but none of the awful fat or grease. It's not terribly hard to find here since the advent of shopping with the wonderful world wide web, so I have been able to enjoy this in the US as a snack between meals on one slice of whole wheat bread, often a late night sandwich with room temperature cheese and tomato. 
Marmite is the greatest thing since sliced bread. It is the thing that most ex-pats miss. But it is most definitely NOT Vegemite. That is an entirely different thing. Well - not that entirely different maybe. But, to my mind, Marmite is far superior. It tastes 'meatier', is a glorious glossy brown/black colour, comes in a much nicer jar and makes a lovely drink. 1 teaspoon in a mug of hot water in which you dunk thick slices of buttered bread. Lived on this when a poor student
My first culinary memory involves a surreptitious finger dip into the Marmite jar at the age of three; it is the first food I remember really loving. And ever since then I have had difficulty getting enough of it.  Not everyone reacts to it the same way.  Some imagine it looks too much like axle grease.  Others complain that it smells too much like beer left overnight  to go bad.  These facts suggest that one might only serve it to close friends and only when there are some alternatives. In any case, the Marmite claim "Love it or Hate it"  is quite apropos.  It rarely evokes a neutral reaction.
The best preparation I can think of is to mix it thoroughly with butter.  One part Marmite to two or three parts butter.  Then spread thinly on toast.  Served this way, the primary flavor of Marmite is salt.  Then there is a subtle meaty flavor sometimes called umami - it's a flavor that is present in well browned mushrooms or red meat.  The label suggests that it might be put to excellent use in soup stocks as a  substitute or supplement to caramelized roasted vegetables - onions and carrots.
As for nutritional value, even spread thinly it is dynamite.  Those who fall hopelessly for its charms may find themselves consuming mega-doses of a few crucial B vitamins.  It is an exceptionally rich source of B12, folicin, and B6.  And since it is free of animal products it is an ideal food to include in a Vegan diet which normally falls short in delivering B12.
This contains no corn.  Whoo Hooo.  Finally I can have vanilla bean extract with no alcohol derived from corn or corn syrup.  Corn takes away from the flavor of natural vanilla.  This is the best vanilla extract out there.  You have to try it
This is the best coffee I have ever had!  I've tried each flavor now and they are all fantastic.  The espresso and dark roast are robust yet smooth, not charred at all.  My favorite is the light roast, but all the varieties are flavorful and smooth.  WARNING... THIS STUFF IS ADDICTIVE.  Also, the pods work great in the senseo machine. 
Do you have a birthday, anniversary, or other memorable occassion that is drawing near? If you do and you still haven't found that special someone a gift for the Gods, consider ripened ovaries. With their green hues and textured bodies, these ovaries should be at the top of everyone's gift list
My boyfriend and I received two of these gorgeous cucumbers as a surprise gift from a friend.  And what a surprise!  They arrived as fresh as Mother Nature intended.  And they didn't skimp on the size of these suckers either.  And it just so happened I was making gazpacho that night and needed cucumbers when lo and behold the UPS delivery lady rang my bell.  Boy did we get a lot of pleasure out of these babies.  If you want to brighten someone's day, give the gift of cucumbers
a 2 pack is much better at filling the void than a one pack... plus cucumbers are full of water for rehydration
Oh how I love the most delicious, incredible, edible fruit of the plant, Cucumis sativus.  Who would've thought that this was a member of the gourd family, Cucurbitaceae--a cousin of the melon?
Cucumbers have many great uses.  They're delicious in salads, and is there any snack tastier than a pickle?  I also hear they have non-culinary uses as well.  Some say cucumbers help to reduce the swelling around eyes or the bags under the eyes....maybe that's because they're 90% water.  I've also heard that there are more "adult" uses for the cucumber, but I've only seen that in movies
Hard to imagine something could make one's honey even sweeter, but this fills the bill. The little jars make it easy for you to try different flavors (as opposed to being stuck with a large quantity of one). All of them were quite yummy, too. The only thing I would change is the brush that's included -- it's tiny, which makes it fun to tease and do little bits at a time, but it could be just a bit broader. The bristles tend to get overwhelmed by the chocolate. Then you just use your fingers..
I was treated to this sauce while in Canada for a friends wedding recently.  I have to say, it is easily the best steak/brown sauce I've ever had - it's sweet and tangy and spicy all at the same time, but not overpoweringly so.  The sauce seems extremely versatile and would be excellent over steak, poultry, burgers, fries - and I'm sure would be a fantastic marinade as well
It has become so hard to find HP Sauce where I live in California in the last few years. I have no idea why. It is scrumptious and I'm thinking of opening my own HP-Only Franchise Outlet! (
I grew up with this, and introduced my husband to it a few years ago.  He likes HP MUCH better than A1.  I use it on steak, hamburgers, meatloaf and roast beef sandwiches!
Try it out
Fabulous with eggs and bacon as well as steak! Haven't ordered it from Amazon before now because it wasn't available but we ate it with everything in England! Definitely authentic anglo-cuisine
Great service quick shipping, if you order through the companies web site you will save $10.0
After comparisons of plastic, metal and granite... I decided to go with the stone and was delighted with my choice. Not only is it beautiful, but the craftsmanship is superb. I could not have made a finer choice! I think every kitchen should have one
Better than expected quality - very nice quality and very attractive.  Quick shipping and response
I put this item on my Christmas wish list....I didn't realize just how large and lovely and superior in quality it would be compared to others on the market! I've never seen a mortar and pestle like this before. It is top quality and a 'treat' to own and use
If you like smashing things, this does the job nicely. I smiled taking it out of the box. It is quite heavy and large. Very nice open bowl with large capacity.
I highly recommend this as a workhorse. Warning: you may need a second smaller mortar if you pour/dump from your mortar often as this is very heavy. But this is very handy for working with larger items or quantities
What a great mortar and pestle!  It was a gift for my father-in-law and it was better than he had expected.  He has used it extensively and is very happy with the results
Received as a gift from my wife (I'm the cook) and it makes quick work of herbs, fresh berries for yogurt or anything you need to smash
One of the best purchases for my kitchen.  It is incredible what you can do with this handsome addition and It looks great in the kitchen. Making marinades with it is so easy. I totally recommend it.  It would also make a great gift
And it is such a great mortar and pestle. Functional and looks wonderful on my counte
The gift received rave reviews and it arrived days before expected. Thank yo
This item is very nice. I sent it to my mother and she was thrilled to recieve it. all the products were fresh and very flavorfull
This was a delight to receive!  It was delivered fast and was packaged beautifully!  There is a little something for everyone and everything is fresh and delicious.  I plan on ordering for friends and office for the holidays
I've tasted different rice varieties and this one is incomparable in taste and texture. Some of you may be skeptical but this special variety is short and plump but has a nice shine and not brittle when it is steamed. Also the texture is smooth as you eat it along with your favorite foods. Excellent for sushi. People who like their cooked rice a bit glutinuous will love this
I've tried lots of coffee pods, and Black Mountain Gold is by far THE BEST!! The flavor is always full and rich, never bitter. The French Vanilla is delicious
Tazo Chai Organic Spiced Black Tea is a blend of black tea, ginger, cinnamon, black pepper, cardamom, cloves and star anise. These items are all organically grown and this creates a sense of purity and clarity of thought. 
The tea has a delicious rich flavor and is perfectly blended for an ultimate Chai experience. Delicious when you add a packet of Stevia and a swirling of lavender honey. Milk powder makes this richer and a splash of cream makes it luxurious. 
While drinking this tea you are transported to India where Chai wallahs sooth your soul with a cup of spicy tea. Each cup of Tazo tea is an adventure. 
~The Rebecca Review
****
Tazo's Chai Black Tea is an enjoyable chai experience for the most part. On the paper tea packet, Tazo writes, "a rich blend of teas and spices in the style of the hill dwellers of the Himalayas." On their web site, Tazo describes the flavor profile of Chai as "cinnamon, creamy, sweet spice" and "medium-bodied yet full-flavored, with the spicy kick of cinnamon, ginger, cardamom, and black pepper. Tazo describes the aroma as "sweet, spice". Those are pretty accurate. The black tea "blend" is a little bitter, though, even with minimal brewing. It's a real trick to get it to brew long enough to get to experience the flavor from the spices without having the tea turn bitter.
The ingredients in Chai are: black teas, ginger, cinnamon, black pepper, cardamom, cloves, and star anise. It is caffeinated. 
Tazo is an interesting company that makes only super premium teas. They are socially responsible, based in Portland, and have the motto, "The Reincarnation of Tea". Tazo is owned by Starbucks. Their web site is fun and quirky, with a Zen-type focus, definitely worth checking out. It is unclear, though, from their web site, how many of their ingredients are organic or kosher, and they do use some "natural flavors" in their teas--this wording seems a little vague for a super premium tea.
I would rate this tea, and Tazo in general, as good---better than premium teas like Stash or Celestial Seasonings---but not as good as Numi. I'm soooooo spoiled by Numi teas, which is why Tazo Chai gets only four stars.
***
The "crema" was pretty thick as it brewed, and the coffee appeared to have a nice dark color. We got a nice strong aroma of coffee and preceded to add some milk (1%) and sugar. 
Our first impressions...good flavor...a nice cup of coffee. We did enjoy the cup of coffee
We don't know of any other pod maker that has this flavor and it's really good! We love the way it smells - the way it tastes - and the fact it is just plain different. Most pod people are ignoring the flavored sector to this extent - and it's nice to have a cup of really flavored coffee! Review from singleservecoffee.com
If it is possible to fall madly in love with a box of chocolates, then the assortment is the perfect place to start such an adventure. These chocolate are named after Leonidas Kestekidis, who definitely knew how to create chocolates for the true chocolate connoisseur. 
When he moved back to Belgium he not only married his true love, he created chocolates the world now adores. When you taste these chocolates, your taste buds will also finally know true chocolate happiness. Whether you try one of these with a cup of coffee or tea or enjoy one as a daily indulgence, these will impress. 
The "I Love You" chocolate with dreamy lemon filling embodies this sentiment. Each chocolate has a unique design and the I Love You chocolate has two hearts, ribbons and a seal. After you sample the variety of chocolates, specific flavors will stand out as favorites. 
Here are my favorite creamy fillings (ganache and butter cream) which come in dark, white and milk chocolate depending on the selection: 
Antoinette - A smooth Brandy flavored ganache 
Lingoit Lait - Absolutely delicious vanilla flavored fresh butter cream filling. Time definitely stopped while tasting this chocolate. 
Irr�sistible - Dark chocolate and Strawberry sauce. 
For ever - If you love coffee this may be one of the most delicious milk or dark chocolate chocolates ever made as it is filled with a special coffee cream that has hints of caramel. I ordered an entire box of these and they come in a variety of flavors. The milk chocolate and cherry filling is like Claude Debussy's R�verie. It is difficult to describe besides saying it is like a delicate cherry icing wrapped in milk chocolate. 
Merveilleux - Milk or dark chocolate filled with coffee ganache. 
Europe - Dark or milk chocolate filled with rum filling. 
Ganache - Milk or dark chocolate with pure ganache. 
Tosca - Milk chocolate with a special ganache. 
Po�sie - Dark chocolate and a Cointreau filling. 
Antoinette - Delicate caramel hints in the milk chocolate coating mingle nicely with the vanilla filling. 
Eve - Milk or dark chocolate with a creamy dreamy banana filling. 
Alexandre le grand - A milk or dark chocolate with caramel cream. 
Also Recommended: 
If you wish to also try the Napolitains, I'd suggest the 1 pound sampler Ballotin with six varieties. You may also want to look for the new Palet d'Or. A deeply delicious and strong bitter chocolate filled with ganache. The center is made with butter, cream and chocolate and the outer coating is a masterpiece with gold decorations. 
Leonidas now has over 1700 stores and sales locations worldwide and they offer over 80 varieties of fresh chocolates. The chocolates are air freighted weekly from Brussels so you will always find the quality to be superior. 
My chocolates arrived fast and were as fresh as if I had purchased them in Belgium. They were carefully packaged in the famous gold boxes with signature/seasonal wrapping and a ribbon. The boxes were then placed in protective Styrofoam containers to protect the chocolates during shipping. The expedited shipping is recommended from May to early September. 
~TheRebeccaReview.com
When we traveled in Belgium some years ago, we were constantly tempted by chocolate.  There was a Godiva store on every corner with uniform overstuffed waxy tasting chocolates.  Someone suggested we try Leonidas, and it was a revelation!! Half the  price of Godiva's chocolates and lightyears more flavorful and more like the artisanal chocolates that are so popular now.  The flavors were more interesting, the finish more refined, and the dark chocolate more full of cocoa bitterness and depth.  Leonidas is IT as far as Belgian chocolates are concerned
If you like a strong but smooth flavorful coffee this is it. I have tried others and just keep coming back to this one. My second joice would be the Starbucks Italian blend
In my case it was for my dad's birthday a couple days ago, and it went great. I placed my order a week before the event (I know, probably could have been too late), but it arrived 3 days later, packaged really well in dry ice. If you're looking for a gift for a male relative, you will never go wrong with getting him some Omaha Steaks
Gave this as a gift to my father for fathers day!  He loved it!  Said the steaks arrived in excellent condition, packed in dry ice, and we're very enjoyable!  One of the best fathers days gifts
My husband's co-worker gave him two bags of this to bring home.  It was unbelievable.  The best green tea I have had.  I thought I had the best at TenRen in Taipei, but this is great.  The aroma is incomparable
If you appreciate caliente, you MUST try this
After reading the reviews, I was hesitant.  However, I've gotten a perfect cup every time so far with my Senseo.    
The coffee is very good, but it has fallen a little short of my expectations. I've previously brought Kona back from my Hawaiian vacations and ground it myself.   The pod coffee is not quite as good as fresh ground.
UPDATE:  for my next shipment, this two-cup style was backordered.  Aloha Island Coffee Co. sent me the equivalent amount of coffee in single-cup style pods instead.   I've found these pods to work better, fit the Senseo machine better, and this coffee now does tasted just as good (or better) than fresh ground whole bean Kona!
I think the single-pod style is quite a bit more expensive than two-cup style, but the difference is definitely noticeable
These kona pods are the highest quality pods that I have found yet. I love kona coffee so I was extremely pleased to find these pods. They certainly cost a little more than other cheap pods but it's worth it especially when you consider what you pay for a cup of coffee at retail. Now I have the best coffee in the world at home for less...
Yes the coffee is the best quality, pesticide free.  There are technical issues with the pods. 1 pod was broken when I opened up the pouch it was stored in.  For any pods to arrive broken when they are so expensive is just not acceptable.  Also, many times the pod is not working, but turning it around and pressing down on it with a fork or a spoon makes it work (I have Black & Decker Home Cafe Machine).  Great coffee, but I felt that I had to really work for it.  I also feel that to charage $15 to ship a box of coffee pods is a bit excessive, considering that they are being shiped from LA not HI
As a bachelor who frequently must grab a cup of joe at home and run, i was reluctant to waste coffee in my Braun drip machine, and disinclined to clean up after the French Press method.  A New York Times article convinced me that a Pod system would be the way to go, and i found the Philips Senseo machine to be the best at the consumer level.  Alas, the Douwe Egberts pods that come with are, um, IMHO, not good.
A brief web search led me to Aloha Island's Senseo-style pods, and i ordered a box of their single serving espresso pods.  The package arrived swiftly, and the box of pods was swaddled in styro-peanuts:  nice touch!  i immediately placed a pair in the Senseo unit and let it do its thing.  Wow!  The quality of the coffee is, to date, unparalled.  Rich, smooth, and frothy, almost like a latte before the milk is added.  And i was surprised that the yield was about one ounce greater than with the DE pods.
I'm a believer, an advocate, and a confirmed drinker and fan.  Thanks and Mahalo
Fabulous marriage of convenience and quality. Rich, full flavor from the touch of a button! A dream come true
  MY SON'S INLAWS RAVED AT THE HAMBURGERS AND STEAKS.  I WAS VERY 
 PLEASED WITH THE PRICE AND PROMP DELIVERY...BOTH EXCELLENT.  THANK
 YOU FOR THE AVAILABILITY
This is the Japanese version of breadcrumb (pan=bread, a Portuguese loan-word, and&quot;ko-&quot;  is &quot;child of&quot; or of &quot;derived from&quot;.) Panko are used for katsudon, tonkatsu or cutlets served on rice or in soups. The cutlets, pounded chicken or pork, are coated with these light and crispy crumbs and fried. They are not gritty and dense like regular crumbs. They are very nice on deep fried shrimps and decorative for a more gourmet touch
I have to admit I was a little hesitant in sending this to my mom for Mother's Day.  There were so many mixed reviews from most of the Wine Country Gift Baskets.  My mom got it a few dasy before Mother's Day (which is better than after I guess.  She absolutly loved it.  Everyone said how lucky she was to have such a thoguhtful daughter.  So Yay!! I am thrilled and I will order from WCGB again
I sent this to a friend and with free shipping who can beat the price. My mom saw it and said it was wonderful.  I will definitely purchase again
If you are looking for matcha green tea powder in mass at a great price, this is it
Teas vary greatly in quality and the price reflects that.  This is a moderately price matcha tea so don't except the best flavor.  It is nutritious so it may be better as a flavor additive to drinks, desserts, broth, etc.  Real matcha can also be bitter and an acquired taste.  Japanese often drink it with tiny sugar candies to offset the bitterness.  Matcha also contains a lot of antioxidants so it may be helpful to some to stat incorporating it into their diet.  If you don't like the taste an easy drink is to mix it with orange juice
My husband loved receiving this package in front of his co-workers. There was hardly anything left when he came home from work. The packaging was beautifully done and everything was delicious that he received. All of his co-workers wanted to know who the company was. I e-mailed them the name of the company so I am so sure they will probably order for Easter, I know I will. You should too for friends,relatives retirement homes and anyone you can think of. The company is very responsive and takes care of its customers down to the last detail.
Adagio has outdone themselves with this creation.  Jasmine Bloom Display Tea starts out as a tight ball of leaves, the size of a quarter.  Add some hot water, and the ball unfurls it's leaves of Jasmine green tea revealing a strand of delicate white flowers arching over the green tea starburst.  The aroma is a delicate, perfumed scent of Jasmine blossoms, the color is a pale green, and the taste is light and mellow.  The hand-tied tea blooms are nicer to look at than taste, however, I recommend trying this tea just for the fun of it.  
This sauce is medium heat for everyday use.  It has an excellent roasted pepper flavor, and there is *NO VINEGAR* to get in the way.  Consequently, you get exactly what one should expect from a pepper sauce...versatility and flavor that does not try to smother the character of the food you season with it.
An every-day sauce should not leave a patina on your tongue.  This is not a boutique novelty, it's a household staple.  The 32 oz. size is the right size for a hot sauce household.
You want good?  Try Tapatio on cottage cheese.  You'll never eat cottage cheese any other way again, I promise.
I use it on just about anything except cereal and ice cream, but my personal favorite applications of Tapatio are:
eggs
potatoes
pizza
anything creole (forget tabasco!)
cottage cheese
most rice
mac cheese
and of course...Mex
In my opinion, this is the best sauce in your local grocery store
Got this for my grandmother who loves tea.  Great gift!
Looks great and teas smelled wonderful
These Strawberry Wheels are very fresh and delicious.  I highly recommend them
Almond flour is an excellent way to make your favorite carb-loaded products much healthier.  And the 5-pound bag is much more convenient and far cheaper than buying 1-pound bags at the grocery store
Our son is on a gluten free diet and Almond Flour is a daily staple.
Pancakes,muffins,"breading" for chicken & shrimp. Well worth every penny.
I like how finely ground this one is
I've tried this and it seems to be both better and cheaper than Bob's Red Mill brand. Buying it like this brings the total price down to around $7.40 per bag..the best deal for people needing to replace the regular flour in their diet. The only thing I can suggest is to carefully store this flour as it can go stale before you use it all. I would suggest a good glass or heavy plastic, sealable container which can go in the fridge. Also you can buy this directly from Honeyville for cheaper
IT WAS GREAT BUT I DON'T THINK THE PRICE WAS NEAR WHAT I'D BE WILLING TO SPEND AGAIN. PRICE WAS WAY TO HIGH.
                                    SINCERELY
                                  JEANNE HIGGINS          
And at my age that is saying something.  I have a Bunn My Cafe that I purchased on Amazon and after I received it I bought some Aloha Island Pods. They are all wonderful, but the Lava Java is fabulous.  I like a darker roast coffee with a lot of flavor but I do not want it to taste smokey or burned.  I will continue to order this amazing variety along with a couple others from Aloha Island.  They are more expensive than some others but if coffee is important to you then treat yourself to these pods.  You will not regret it
You probably don't want to fix them for your guests but they are an excellent way to keep eggs on hand for baking or as part of your emergency food supply
I develop sugarfree recipes and find these eggs invaluable when adding extra liquids to an existing recipe. To date I have not been disappointed in any of the baking results yet. I would and will purchase these again
Excellent eggs bought some for myself as well as my elderly mother. I will order more the the future
My cousin started the Atkin's diet to lose weight before his wedding.  I was getting married 2 months after him and needed a diet buddy.  Since we worked & lunched together it was perfect.  He was eating pasta one day and told me that I could have pasta too as long as it's Dreamfields.  He suggested that I buy the Victoria's Organic Tomato & Basil sauce it's lower in carbs (4 net carbs per cup).  I bought it and added a splash of red wine, a bit of garlic, some fresh frozen basil leaves crumbled up and a dash of salt and pepper.  I had a low carb spaghetti dish that my Italian fiance drooled over... haha!  Good stuff.  Just be sure to follow the directions so that it's not over cooked ;o)  
Whether you are diabetic, eating low carb, or just want great pasta, this product is perfect in every way.  I have served dreamfields pasta to over twenty people, told them I was trying a new brand of pasta, and asked them what they thought.  Every last person said it was wonderful, and not one person guessed that it was not "regular" pasta.  Most said it was better than the pasta they use.  Try it...you'll love it
The Dreamfields line of low carb pastas have the taste and the texture of the full carb pasta. Try it with any sauce without sugar for a real feast
I ordered this product because I had difficulty finding it in the grocery stores.  I will definitely order from this company again
I love this salt and use it on my french fries as well as on popcorn. It is not as good as fleur de sel or some of the other "gourmet" salts, but it is only 15 cents per ounce, not 15 dollars. Note that this salt is flaked, unlike the normal crystals for which Diamond Salt is known. It absolutely CLINGS to the surface of the popcorn, fries, and other similarly-textured foods MUCH better. It has a cleaner taste than some of the brown or grey sea salts and CLEAN is always good in my book. 
As a treat, I sometimes Iick the tip of my index finger, sprinkle a little of this on it, and then pretend like I'm getting ready to do a mini tequilla shooter, but without the lime. Almost like a couple of hours on the beach. 
I can only give it four stars instead of five because it is NOT IODIZED and you could end up looking just like a frog with big goiter things on your neck if you don't get enough iodine. This is not a problem for people who eat a lot of seafood, but if you live in the Midwest far from the ocean it could cause some difficulties.
These burgers are unbelievable. They are really fresh and juicy burgers with a distinctive meaty taste you will fall in love with if you love a great burger.  They are Omaha Steaks best product and the only thing I order from them. I actually love the packaging. Each burger comes individually wrapped in vacuum sealed plastic, which means I can keep them in the freezer until I am ready to eat them. Then defrost them in warm water and in 10 minutes I have fresh red meat, they have a nice peppery Angus beef smell, and they taste great. They never go to waste.  I find the meat I buy in the stores these days can't compare at all. Them smell of the meat doesn't smell fresh - more like plastic than meat. Ok, the Styrofoam cooler is a waste of packaging, and not environmentally friendly but they can be reused several times.
Amazon also has a great price on these. After a quick search around the web, this looks to be the best price
****
Tazo's Wild Sweet Orange Herbal Infusion is a nice orange herbal tea. It contains lemongrass, blackberry leaves, citric acid, rose hips, spearmint leaves, natural flavors, orange peel, safflowers, hibiscus flowers, rose petals, natural orange essence, ginger root and licorice root. It is not sweet, very fruity, and not subtle at all, a wonderful tea if you enjoy orangey teas.
Tazo is an interesting company that makes only super premium teas. They are socially responsible, based in Portland, and have the motto, "The Reincarnation of Tea". Tazo is owned by Starbucks. Their web site is fun and quirky, with a Zen-type focus, definitely worth checking out. It is unclear, though, from their web site, how many of their ingredients are organic or kosher, and they do use some "natural flavors" in their teas--this wording seems a little vague for a super premium tea.
On the paper tea packet, Tazo writes, "a lively blend of sweet citrus herbs and orange essences. Sweet, yet tart, this is a cup of liquid sunshine, radiating multi-layered orange flavors with exotic hints of spice and a distinctive floral finish. Wild, indeed." On their web site, Tazo describes the flavor profile of Wild Sweet Orange as "tart, sweet, smooth, licorice". Tazo describes the aroma as "oranges, roses, lime".  This is pretty accurate, although the words give hope that the taste of the tea never quite approaches.
I would rate this tea, and Tazo in general, as good---better than premium teas like Stash or Celestial Seasonings---but not as good as Numi. I'm soooooo spoiled by Numi teas, which is why Tazo Wild Sweet Orange gets only four stars.
***
This is the story of two Tazo teas. I found that they almost need one another to produce a tea of exceptional quality. 
I tried each tea separately and finally blended them together. Tazo Lotus and Tazo Wild Sweet Orange make a wonderful lemony hot tea in the winter or enjoy being tossed about with ice cubes in the summer. 
The way I make this tea is by steeping two Lotus and two Wild Sweet Orange filterbags with 16 ounces of water. I make this in my coffee maker so there is plenty of time for the flavors to seep out into the steaming water. Then, you can add 2 tablespoons of orange blossom honey for hot tea and a bit more for ice tea. 
Drinking this blend is an aromatic experience. Lotus Decaffeinated Green tea is a blend of naturally decaffeinated green tea, natural lotus flower flavor and other natural flavors. Wild Sweet Orange is a blend of lemongrass, blackberry leaves, citric acid, rose hips, spearmint leaves, natural flavors, orange peel, safflowers, hibiscus flowers, rose petals, natural orange essence, ginger root and licorice root. 
I love the crinkly sound of the paper bags protecting the precious contents. The boxes are also quite intriguing and the stories on the tea packets are always mysterious and playful. 
A romantic tea with a golden-orange color. I can never decide if I like this best hot or cold, so I end up drinking it hot and cold. Half on ice and half in a mug. When this tea is hot, it is much more romantic and aromatic. When chilled it takes on a more bitter component. 
For something even more exotic, try the Tazo Green Ginger tea. That was the first Tazo tea I tasted and so far I can't think of a Tazo tea I don't love. 
~The Rebecca Review
Great product, arrived in good condition.  Shipping cost made it unlikely for me to order it again
****
Tazo's Passion Herbal Infusion is a somewhat tart, deep, flavorful (hibiscus-y tasting) tea. It is not berry-like in taste, although it is red in color. It's difficult to describe what hibiscus tastes like, but I find it a most pleasant taste. My husband says it tastes like pomegranate to him. Although Passion contains licorice root it is not sweet. 
The ingredients in Passion are: hibiscus flowers, natural tropical flavors, citric acid, orange peel, licorice root, cinnamon bark, rose hips, lemongrass and red poppy. It is caffeine-free!
Tazo is an interesting company that makes only super premium teas. They are socially responsible, based in Portland, and have the motto, "The Reincarnation of Tea". Tazo is owned by Starbucks. Their web site is fun and quirky, with a Zen-type focus, definitely worth checking out. It is unclear, though, from their web site, how many of their ingredients are organic or kosher, and they do use some "natural flavors" in their teas--this wording seems a little vague for a super premium tea.
On the paper tea packet, Tazo writes, "A tantalizing deep red tea made from hibiscus flowers, exotic herbs and natural tropical flavors." On their web site, Tazo describes the flavor profile of Passion as "berry, juicy, wine-like, merlot, sweet, earthy, dense". Tazo describes the aroma as "sweet, juicy, red fruits". 
I would rate this tea, and Tazo in general, as very good---better than premium teas like Stash or Celestial Seasonings---but not as good as Numi. I'm soooooo spoiled by Numi teas, which is why Tazo Passion gets only four stars.
***
Tazo Teas is a relative newcomer to the tea market, having been founded in 1994 by Steve Smith. But, what Tazo lacks in history it makes up for in pure inventiveness!
Among Tazo's many blends is Passion, a bold and flavorful mixture of hibiscus flowers, other tropical flavors, citric acid, orange peel, licorice root, cinnamon bark, rose hips, lemongrass, and red poppy. Brew it up, and you are rewarded with a bright red infusion, that has a tart and exciting taste.
Now, this tea is definitely not for everyone. As you can tell from the ingredients, this tea is strong and decidedly on the tart side. When drunk hot, you probably will want to sweeten it with honey or moderate it with milk, or possibly both. But, when made into an iced tea, Passion really comes into its own - decidedly refreshing and thirst-quenching. Just what you need for a hot summer day!
So, overall I would say that this is a pretty darn good hot tea, and a great iced tea. Buy some today
I discovered this tea when I was at a college coffee stop. I ment to grab a green tea, but ended up getting this. It smells wonderful. It is a bit tart without sugar. That goes away after a teaspoon of sugar
I was first introduced to this tea at Starbucks. They marketed it as Shaken Passion Tea. It tastes great when served hot, but when iced, it really shines.
Bear in mind that this is a herabl infusion and not a traditional tea. The color is a deep ruby red and the taste....it is indescribable. When served slightly sweet with a spring of mint it is the perfect summer refresher.
If you want a break from traditional black or green teas or are watching your caffeiene intake this is the perfect subsitution
The deep purple/red color and hibiscus fragrance is enough to make anyone passionate about tea. Yet, is this really tea? It looks like tea, but it is really an herbal infusion made by steeping hibiscus flowers, orange peel, licorice, cinnamon, rose hips, lemongrass and red poppy in a swirling of hot water. 
The flavor is slightly reminiscent of hot apple cider or hot cranberry juice. This tea leaves a tingle on your tongue and I think it goes very well with a spoonful of honey. 
I recently discovered Tazo Teas ad have been immersing myself in the mysterious experience with a sense of abandon. So far I've tried most of the flavors and have been impressed. I do think you need two tea bags for each cup of tea to fully intoxicate the senses and experience the magic of the ingredients. 
Caffeine Free. You can drink this as you type into the night... 
~TheRebeccaReview.com
I really enjoy this tea.  Has the best flavor of any of the oolongs I have tried.  The leaves are whole and you do not get a lot of tea particles in your cup or pot. 
I ordered three of these for a part based on price and others recomendations.  I was not at all disapointed.  I LOVED them.  Next year I am going to order a bunch at the begining of the year for all my cook-outs.  They shipped fast, and were well packaged.  And the Taste?  Oh the taste...   I can't return to store bought ones... 
My family and I tried Omaha Steaks Hamburgers about 6 months ago and have purchased 3 of these picnic packs.  You have never tasted a hot dog until you have tried one of these 3oz dogs!  I would never return to regular grocery store hot dogs!  Definitely worth the money.  The nice feature is that you can order them and have them delivered whenever you want.  Even in warm climates, whatever you order will come in a cooler and packed well with ice.  Order a couple at the beginning of the Summer, and BBQ until your heart is content
One day the FDA (or DEA) will place this item on a list as a controlled substance because it will have you hooked after the first bite
As always there products are just mouth watering and top grade.
You would think that these are filets. But a lot cheaper. This was the first type of Omaha steak that I ever had. not I can't even look at the stuff in the grocery store
I enjoy the acai with a soy milk and banana shake or in with my cereal.  100g is a good size and the zip lock keeps it fresh.  Does not stick together.  Very good service too.
I've been trying for 2 weeks now, adding 1-teaspoon to my normal shake or yogurt.  It dissolves easily.  I feel more energy throughout the morning hours.  What I like best is that it's from Brazil so it's the real thing and less expensive than other brands.  The label was folded over a bit but that's ok.  They ship fast - it arrived in my mailbox in 3 days.  Thanks Amazon for offering unique items such as this...  
My husband and I love it
These are very very tasty and they are all individually wrapped.
My only problem with the candy's is that out of the 12 bags they send they double up on some of the less popular flavors and leave out a few of the other flavors.. but other then that they are amazing.
My entire family loved this soup.  We are fans of butternut squash soup, as well as various ginger-spiked soups, and this one does not disappoint.  It is thick, hearty and not too ginger-ish.   Highly recommended
In my experiences with Indian cuisine from patronizing local restaurants owned and operated by native Indian folks, this is quite comparable and the flavors are very similar.  It's nice to be able to open a package of Indian food to eat with some Basmati rice quickly. Recommended.
Some of the flavors are spicy.
Always the fist Taste Bite ready meal I run out of.  As good as it gets ... for what it is (prepackaged Indian food).  The flavor is authentic, but mild on the spice and preparation is easy.  I highly recommend adding chopped fresh coriander (cilantro).
These are very delicious yummy jelly cakes. I remember enjoying them as a child. My korean mother would give us kids something really similar and they bring back really good memories. They might be a little strange to someone who isn't used to the consistancy, but its worth trying. They're all pretty sweet and nice to nibble one. I usually just have half of a bar at a time, unless I'm hungr
I first found this herb blend in San Francisco. I'm delighted that I can re-stock my cupboard again. I use it on dishes such as salads, poached salmon, chicken. Very versatile. More fragrant than the herbe de provence available to me at the supermarket
I gave it my friends.
They says it's very good and delicious
Godiva chocolates are my favorite candy in the whole world!!!  They make great gifts and if I'm on vacation, I always pick up a small box for my freezer
The items arrived faster than they estimated.  I had good email interaction with a sales rep from the creator.  The paste itself was superior in quality
Finally a lemon that can be preserved for future generations to see and behold it's yellow glory.
Thank you modern science
candy with the rice paper, white rabbit is nice but i go to the strawberry white rabbit
White Rabbit is addicting. They're like a milk taffy, slighty sweet but with a lot of flavor. Totally awesome
I've been chain-eating these bad boys for almost 30 minutes now... the perfect snack for any occasion, white rabbit candies manage to be chewy wilst melting in your mouth... a truly delightful experience which everyone should try at least once in a lifetime... but beware! They are addicting
"WHITE RABBIT" is one of the most famous brands of Guan Sheng Yuan (Group) Co.,ltd.and belongs to candy product. This product is very larruping that the candy's surface swathe a very very thin velamen made from sticky rice and it can eat.People always are interesting in the sticky rice velamen.This product's sales volume is very hot in USA(Kmart,Walgmart)
I have enjoyed eating Marzipan, since a child.  Now many, many
years later I still enjoy eating it on Holidays. It is a combination of cooking and artwork. This Wisconsin Cheeseman,
company makes the best Marzipan I have ever had.  It is not too
sweet like most others make it, and it light and not doughy.
Eating their Marzipan is a blissful experience, and after a busy
day of working, this is my private joy.  I highly recommend it,
and I feel that everyone should try Marzipan at least once in
their life, you will not be sorry
I love these!  They stay crunchy even after the bag has been open awhile.  I love the sesame taste.  They's not a dead ringer for pretzels, but they's so good in their own right.  They're much lighter than traditional pretzels and without the heavy texture and taste.  Just a really delightful, light crispy treat.  I think any Celiac would be thrilled to find these
I have been impressed by tazo's China Green Tips Tea. Strong is an understatement! Great tea - I have throughly enjoyed i
This is by far the most enjoyable hot chocolate I've ever come across for consumer purchase.  It is high in calories and expensive, but if you are looking for a rich, comforting cup of chocolate, this is it.  This hot chocolate is thick and delicious in the European sense, yet not overly sweet as many American brands are.  Unfortunately, MarieBelle is neither organic nor fair trade, but if that is not important to you then there is no downside.  
I've found no other maker produces a finer cup of chocolate, save the City Bakery in NYC--which is the next best thing to Parisian hot chocolate
This chocolate is exceptional for having no sugar added.  I have a friend in Singapore who also watches calories, loves dark chocolate, and is lactose intolerant.  This was perfect for her.  I only wish they made chocolate chips and mini bars as well
I used to devour the De-Lite Dark Chocolate bars but Walmart stopped carrying them.  Damn!  Well, these are just as tasty!  I agree with these other people...this makes the grade.  For those of you who want to stay away from sugar for one reason or another, these bars "hit the spot" when the chocolate craving strikes
I am a certified chocoholic and no longer need to continue my search for a non-sugar alternative, this is the best tasting stuff!  It compares with sugared chocolates and wins with my entire family.  I am so glad that Ross has made such a great no-sugar chocolate, it is definitely a high quality Belgian chocolate
I have searched high and low to find a high-quality sugar free, dairy free chocolate bar that tasted just like the real thing, and I can honestly say that these amazing chocolate bars fit the bill perfectly!  Ross Chocolates has truly done it--I could not tell the difference between these and the kind made with sugar and dairy.  These dark chocolate bars are perfect for anyone looking for a pure, healthy alternative to the standard sugar-laden chocolate bar out there.  I am hypoglycemic, so normal sugary candy isn't an option for me.  These bars, though, have no impact on my blood sugar--in fact, I feel even better after eating them and have no negative reactions whatsoever!  They are also perfect for people who are allergic to dairy (like myself) because they are completely dairy-free.  As an added bonus, each bar contains 3 grams of fiber!  The bars have a wonderul, fresh crunch to them, with none of the strange aftertaste common to some products sweetened with sugar alcohols.  I honestly couldn't tell the difference between these maltitol-sweetened bars and those sweetened by regular sugar.  Enjoy
Neuske's Bacon is simply the most divine bacon eating experience you'll ever have.  Smoked in Wisconsin over applewood, it is delectable, luscious even.  They cut it lean so that there is no rubbery, fatty bits like you find in store-bought brands, yet they leave enough in to give it that robust flavor.  It is worth noting that America's Test Kitchen did a Taste Test of Bacon, in which Neuske's was a participant.  It did NOT come out as No.1, because tasters thought it was "too smoky".  If you like smoky bacon like I do, that sounds like crazy talk, and you should definitely try this bacon.  The results of the taste test indicates to me that there are those who prefer their bacon less smoky, and I suppose that if you are one of those people, you may not like this bacon after all (even thought it is the best ever).
Be careful though: once you eat Neuske's and love it, you won't be satisfied with store-bought ever again
I bought this tea from a dot-head store.  I'm usually a decaf coffee drinker, but when ill I make this.  I usually put a spoon full in a huge plastic cup (like McDonalds large) with bottled water and heat for 4 minutes in microwave, remove, stir, and strain into large coffee mug.  I ALWAYS have too damn much tea leaves left in cup, but I like it strong.  It'd be nice if there were instructions on how much to use.  BTW, is this stuff decaffeinated
I just brewed my first batch and this is by far the best green tea I've tried.  My family will have to live with less this batch because my first sample cup quickly turned into 3 big cups!  Yummmmmmmm.
Don't know what some of the other folks here are talking about when they say it smells/tastes bad.  Smells just like some of the better-quality green tea in teabags, but stronger, sweeter and much richer.  Taste is smoother, no bitterness, much fuller, and surprisingly long-lasting.  I'm no tea connoisseur, I just know what I like and this one is awesome.
A little research on the web helped.  The general consensus seems to be that 160-180 degree water is the best, brewed about 2 minutes.  I don't have a thermometer or anything fancy so I brought the water just to boiling and waited 5 minutes before using.  Brewed 2 minutes then poured through a strainer into a pitcher.
If you're willing to go through a bit of extra trouble, you can use the same leaves up to 3 times.  A little goes a long way.  I used about 2 rounded tablespoons, brewed 3 times, and got more than a full pitcher of nice strong tea.  I like my tea strong, and it looks like 2 level tablespoons would still do the job nicely.  Use less for something milder
I have tried many brands of Green tea from in the US and while visiting China. I have found this brand to be superior in flavor. The price is also surprisingly affordable. 
I agree not to allow it to steep over 3 minutes, as it does affect the flavor.
Whatever you do, dip these in milk when you eat them.  Not for long, just long enough for saturation.  They are out of this world.
Tastykake's Butterscotch Krimpets are the favorite food of the title character in the fifth grade story of Maniac Magee by Jerry Spinelli.  They are a light and delicious treat that we passed out to a fifth grade class in Speedway, IN.  The kids thoroughly enjoyed the book and were thrilled to have their very own Butterscotch Krimpets to enjoy, too.  There are two to a pack - 6 packs to a box - reasonably priced - light and delicious - no cream filling, only a light butterscotch frosting.  The awaiting treat made this a good reason to finish the book
... Not SPONED cake.  That is all
Great, I buy them for the kids in my class when we read a book called Maniac Magee. We can't find them in our area. The boy in the book is obsessed with Butterscotch Krimpets and the kids wanted to know why. So I ordered them and now whenever the author mentions Butterscotch Krimpets they all moan and ask if I can't order somemore. Unfortunately, they were too expensive to order again. The shipping was $5 dollars more than 4 boxes of the Krimpets. But they sure were good
I am trying the Perricone Promise diet.
I received this item in a timely manner and well packaged
2 minutes and you have a HOT, TASTY, FILLING meal. Love this one the most, out of the ones I tried. Amazon's price is FANTASTIC and very quick delivery (I have prime
I was a bit skeptical when I purchased what is a hybrid product: sprouts and curry - humph.  Actually, surprisingly good and filling.  For those on the job, Tasty Bite is solid choice for microwave fast food - and this vegan treat works, better, in fact, than many of their more traditional offerings
I'm a chocoholic and have problems with sugar.  This is my dream: a delicious quality dark chocolate without sugar
This is a good dark chocolate - very intense and a little dry.  I like it, but prefer the version with almonds
We (my son and I) purchased this gift set for my wife on Valentines day.  Although it was pricey relative to the Target/Walmart selections the price was worth it.  
We enjoyed the various unique flavors and the well decorated candies.  We would purchase this or similar set from Godiva again.  It was worth the price and was well recieved. 
I gave G collection to my wife.  
It's perfect Valentine present for her!
Most of chocolates are fruit-based but very unique and fresh.
I'm not a big fan of chocolate but this one is amazing
Whether enjoyed as a gift for others or yourself, there is something about the G collection that consistently leaves you wishing for just ONE more piece. The brown-and-lime faux-leather box, a treat for the eyes in itself, contains 15 pieces of what can only be described as Godiva's most ambitious and delicious chocolates to date. The 15-piece G Collection closely mirrors the more expensive "American Pies" collection, but provides many unique and otherwise unobtainable pieces that more than justify the cost of the set.
The rich, all-encompassing flavor of the G Collection's fruit pieces is on par with the "American Pies" collection: Key Lime and Cherry stand out, bursting from their fragile, sugar-coated shells with an intense and supremely enjoyable tang. A box of this size ought to last - one will quickly find that the richness (to overuse the word) marks these candies as individual luxuries to be enjoyed over time. Simply scarfing these down simply will not to justice to the complex, excellent job Godiva has done in blending different ingredients to make authentic, mouth-watering flavors.
Godiva's G Collection can never be explained satisfactorily until they are tried. Only on the tastebuds can an accurate and deserving review of these milestone candies be written
Unless you were a wealthy chocoholic, you would probably never blow the 50$ on these.  As a gift however, this is a great box (there is a similar all heart shaped box for Valentines - which is cool if you dig hearts).  It fits all the qualities I look for in a gift.  Its extravagant, its something the person I give it to will love, and its something they wouldn't get themselves.  I tried 2 of these, the mixed berry is ridiculously good.  The peanut butter and jelly was interesting.  Everything is superb quality wise.  I knock it down a bit on price, but honestly, its tough to find fault in this product.  It much much better than regular Godiva (which I find to be super sweet and overpriced)
Regular Godiva pieces are great, but they're still chocolate.  I actually dislike some regular Godiva pieces (truffles are too sweet and caramels are similar to See's caramels).  But the G collection is fantstic.  The presentation is stunning, from the packaging to the airbrushed pieces.  And the taste is incredible.  The original flavors gave me pause (peanut butter and jelly?) but they work so, so well and taste better than any chocolate I've ever had.  Each piece averages to $3, but every piece is way better than $3 of candy bars or ice cream.  Most pieces are better than $12 desserts from 5-star restaurants.  So while the price seems extreme, once you taste a piece you will understand that it SO WORTH IT.  A perfect gift for a discerning chocolate lover and for yourself
Ah, these Godiva pieces of chocolate are incredible. They are crunchy and incredibly delicious. Whenever I have to make a lasting impression I buy Godiva and the lady is always thrilled. This brand is the very best when it comes to chocolate and this gift box is one of their best.
I am a huge fan of Tasty Bite products, and was delighted to find that Amazon now stocks them, since they are expensive in my small town (no Trader Joe's here!). I was excited to see this variety that I had never tried before, and readily ordered the six pack of these noodles with peanut sauce, expecting the same ready-to-eat food that the other Tasty Bites I have tried offer.
But unlike their ready-to-eat rice dishes in which the rice and the packet merely need heating but are already fully cooked, the noodles here are in their raw state and need to be boiled for ten minutes, so you can't grab this and bring it to work the way you can most other Tasty Bite meals.
Also, the peanut sauce has a delectable and complex flavor, but is spiced and textured so that I felt it really needed some vegetables and or meat to round it out. I love spicy dishes, but this meal seemed planned to be overly spiced so that when you add the veggies and meat, it would be perfect.
So, as a quick meal starter at home or as a way of helping to use up leftover meat and veggies, this gets five stars. It was delicious. Some additions I have enjoyed are chicken, steak, bell pepper, cauliflower, carrots, eggplant, and sweet potato. 
But I am giving this meal four stars overall because my expectation from eating other Tasty Bite entrees was that this was a grab and go meal that I could pop in the microwave and have prepared in a couple of minutes.
They're Lindt and it's a great value - need I say more?  Not for traditional/milk chocolate lovers, though
Excellent service, good product.  So good in fact, other people wanted to try the extra I bought, now back to refill the cupboard
Once you see the book that accompanies this starter kit, you will realize two things. You won't be making sushi anytime soon without a few more items. Not only do you need fresh ingredients, you need things that are listed in the recipes to make Miso, to make Number-one Dashi and Number-two Dashi. You need Bonito flakes and kombu, you need things like bamboo leaves too. OK, so you don't need bamboo leaves, but having a bamboo plant around the house wouldn't hurt. 
The book is especially helpful, but to make the sushi rice professionally, you do need to also order a rice-cooling tub (hangiri). A square omelet pan is needed, but not essential. You can adapt by using a regular pan. 
Just add your fresh ingredients is the understatement of the year. You do get a sushi press, a sushi mat and Nishiki Sushi rice. The sushi Nori is essential as is the ginger, wassabi, soy sauce, rice vinegar, sweet wine (mirin) and white sesame seeds. 
Other items you will want to have on hand when this arrives: 
Chopsticks
Ginger Grater
Chopping Board
Fish Knives (sushi knives)
Plates for serving Sushi (not essential but make it more interesting)
Skewers - for when you cook shrimp
Rice Maker
Stainless Steel Colander
Wooden Rice Paddle - or you can use a wooden spoon
Ingredients: 
Avocados
Cucumber
Carrots
Asparagus
Chives
Eggplant
Daikon Radish
Fresh Shiitake mushrooms
Lotus Root
Kombu
Miso paste
Ocha - tea
Sake
Shiso - an aromatic herb
Snow Peas
Sushi Vinegar called Awasezu
Tofu - various types but Japanese Silken is recommended
Wakame Seaweed
Recommended Seafood selections include: Mackerel, Salmon, Crabs, Blue-Eye Cod, Tuna, Herring, Sea Bass and numerous other selections. I will be making mine with cooked fish for the most part and many of the recipes indicate cooking the shrimp. 
The book gives excellent full-color picture step-by-step instructions for preparing
seafood. Everything from cleaning squid to angled cuts for sahimi. 
Prepare to learn an ancient art form. This is serious cooking with gourmet appeal. There are instructions for making garnishes and dipping sauces. 
The Tuna Rolls are probably going to be one of the first items to make because they have few ingredients and you don't need anything except a rice cooker, sushi vinegar and the rolling mat. The California-roll-style Temaki-zushi also look fairly tame. 
The Nigiri-Zushi made in sushi bars seem a little more complex. To make a simple Inari-Zushi you need tofu and there are extensive instructions for how to make the little packets or pouches for rice. These seem very interesting and I've tasted them before and definitely look forward to trying to make them. 
The idea of a Chirashi-Zushi rice bowl is interesting and does not require a great deal of artistic application. 
So, if you want to make a full sushi meal, it gets a little more complex, but you can try out various recipes and master the "dashi" which is like a fish stock/soup made with kombu and bonito flakes. This knowledge is of course needed to make the sushi rice, which leads me right back to needing a hangiri. I suppose you can use a glass bowl instead. 
This sushi kit is truly only a brief start to an artistic journey. Even after ordering this you may find you need a few more items before you can start taking steps in the direction of actually making sushi. 
I will report back as I try various recipes and all I can say is this will require an adventurous spirit and a few more Amazon orders. Once you have the Sushi book, things start to become more clear and you can make a list of things to order. 
~The Rebecca Review 
I bought this kit as a gift for my boyfriend's birthday and was impressed with the quality (and size) of the items.  I did a bit of research for the perfect "starter kit" and thought this to be a good choice.  It has the basic essentials, a descriptive and helpful instruction book, and a few extras.  He was quite impressed and had fun opening all the individually bubble wrapped items!  We can't wait to pick up some sushi grade fish and get started.  One item to note, I spent some time looking through the book that was included and feel that this will be a great help in the process... simple steps, good instructions, and great photos
     I use almonds in cereal, cake and bread, both for nutrition and taste. For years, I've been grinding my own. This is a high quality product that saves time since it's already ground. The price is highly competitive
I ordered 1 as a gift for my sister who was hosting Thanksgiving and one for myself for the house. The nuts were extremely fresh and tasty and I felt it was an incredible value. I have ordered nuts before through a catalog that werent as nice and more than double the price. I'm gonna order more for Christmas.
I loved the packaging on this - I brought it as a dinner gift and everyone was going crazy - the nuts were soooo fresh!!!  Its really an unbelievable product
I have used this matcha daily for about 6 weeks now. It is very good for what I use it for. I make my own version of Starbucks Green Tea Frappuccino. (Once that drink name started to roll of my kids' tongues easily - I realized I was spending too much money on these drinks - and daily!)I am not familiar with various grades of matcha, but did not want something pre-sweetened or modified because I wanted to control the sugar, etc. I make my frappuccino like this: sorry - I do not measure - so you may have to modify these amounts because I am guessing!
1 1/2c milk
2 heaping spoonfuls (the spoon that's included) green tea powder
1/8c simple syrup (I make it myself and keep in fridge for week or so)
10+ice cubes (adjust to your taste - depends on size of cubes)
Blend this in a blender - longer than you think - pulse first then blend for a bit - I scrape down a bit bc the powder flies around a little and you don't want to lose any. (Simple syrup is 1c water, 1c sugar heated until sugar dissolves) It is much easier than it may sound - I make these daily in the morning. I hope this helps anyone else out there who is addicted to the GT Frappuccino - it is slightly different (I think they use a different gt powder and a honeydew syrup), but I liked mine MORE within the first week of having them!
If you are looking for matcha green tea powder in mass at a great price, this is it
Good stuff!  While this tea is not very tasty, it is:
1) very easy to prepare
2) very inexpensive
3) comes in a nice container
4) IT IS VERY GOOD FOR YOU!!
I have felt really good since drinking this 4-5 times a day and have lost a full pant size in just a few weeks!
So endure the bitter taste and be ENERGETIC and HEALTHY!!!
I suppose I'm unsophisticated about matcha teas since this is the first I've tried, but I really, really enjoy this matcha. It's smooth, mellow, and slightly sweet. I'm picky about loose green teas for steeping; some of those are bitter, & I DON'T like bitter tea. So my favorite teas are this matcha & white loose leaf teas. The cost is honestly too steep for me to buy other better rated matcha for the flavor, so I'm happy I can get this much tea for the price (I've got 3 kids & a lot of other priorities; maybe when I retire...). And for the price, I'm getting all the health benefits of any other matcha (you get all the antioxidants out of matcha since you ingest the whole leaf; brewing teas often makes the extracted antioxidants bitter), plus I don't feel too guilty using it on my face, either. Perfectly nice matcha for the beginner & the frugal. Gave some to my sister, also a novice to matcha, & she loved it too. Worth a try for the price
Teas vary greatly in quality and the price reflects that.  This is a moderately price matcha tea so don't except the best flavor.  It is nutritious so it may be better as a flavor additive to drinks, desserts, broth, etc.  Real matcha can also be bitter and an acquired taste.  Japanese often drink it with tiny sugar candies to offset the bitterness.  Matcha also contains a lot of antioxidants so it may be helpful to some to stat incorporating it into their diet.  If you don't like the taste an easy drink is to mix it with orange juice
it was great fun! we had talked about the candy when we were all young, and that you don't see them any more. so I found it on your site, orderd a box and took them to work. It brought back alot of fun memories and we all had a great laugh! Thanks
I am a fan of Tasty Bite and think this meal is very good.  Not my favorite but very good.  (I'd give 4.5 stars if possible.)  The sauce is flavorful and there are plenty of veggies.  And it heats up so easily at work.  I love that these meals have no preservatives, plenty of fiber, no meat, and I can recognize all the ingrediants.  And, you get to eat the whole contents as one serving.  I love that
Recently having moved to the midwest, I longed for something different such as the wonderful Japanese food that was so readily available on the west coast.  I was so happy to come across Fugetso-Do on Amazon! I placed an order on Monday evening and by Thursday it had arrived! It was still cold, tasted very fresh and just delightful. Very soft..not rubbery as i have sometimes found in other vendors. Completely satisfied my craving. Would definitely order from again!!
Hey, if you like japanese and want more for your money then you have come to the right place. These little cakes are fun and adventurous. They also arrived at Saint Louis in only 3 days from purchase, (I also bought 6 bottles of Ramune soda from the same company) and they were STILL COLD!!! Have fun you wont regret this purchase
Great taste, excellent spicy flavor (with or without meat added).  One of the best dried packaged soups ever
This is good stuff -- has a very nice spice to it.
They did include instructions for my order.  I use one bag for two quarts of tea with around a cup of sugar.  It's great, just like the local thai restaurants serve
I'm a fanatic for gummy candy, especially the sour kind. But most sour gummy worms look and taste like a chemistry experiment, and most apple and (especially) apricot fruit(ish) rings taste artificial too. Haribo does a much better job; their pink grapefuit was my favorite gummy until I discovered these apple ones. They taste natural, real healthy apple flavor, less stridently sour than grapefruit. Now it's a tie for top place: apple and grapefruit. When I can't decide, I eat 'em both together. My dentist taught me that trick, believe it or not. I sometimes wonder whose side she's on...
I really love this tea. It is my every morning tea. It has the very green (fresh)taste of the tea served in Japan that is distinctive of Japanese tea alone. For this reason it is not necessarily for those who prefer the taste of Chinese green tea, and there is a big difference between the two, because its flavor is definitely characteristic of Japanese green tea. The color is beautiful - almost as green as the twice as expensive Gyokuro variety. I have reordered this tea many times and expect to keep ordering it as long as the price remains close to its present price.
I agree with the other reviewer in terms of shipping, our basket arrived 2 weeks after ordering also. However, I have ordered other baskets from them and it only took a few days to arrive. Either way, the basket was well worth the wait. It has a large variety of items and they all taste great! If you can order ahead of time you won't go wrong with this basket.
It is an enjoyment just by opening the cover of the container! A delicate, fresh jasmine. A great delicious tea!
The tea is arrived in the container seen in the picture, with the tea sealed up in a little plastic bag inside of it. Make about 20-40 servings, depends on how strong you like it.
Truly a unique spice which used sparingly adds a real zest to meat and poultry dishes.  A wonderful addition to a spice collection. colett
The green tea is excellent.  (and it should be considering the cost for such as small amount!)  I have to admit, I was shocked when I received the tiny little tin...the picture is deceiving.  You think you are getting a huge amount.  But you only need a small amount.  Very smooth. Overall, it is worth it. I highly recommend this tea if you're willing to dish out the cash
I know it sounds a little more pricey than the other green teas, but this one is smooth and not bitter at all.  I put it in soymilk - like the matcha shots you can get at some juice stores.  It's refreshing
I got this as a recommendation from a friend and I found this to taste really wonderful. It comes in a cute small tin and a small measuring spoon. I enjoy drinking matcha teas in the late afternoon to help me relax and this is the best matcha I have tasted.
If you'd like to get wild, sometimes I like to sprinkle the matcha powder on top of some vanilla ice cream and it makes a great dessert treat
I bought this for me and my wife and the tea is very good. I tasted some green teas but this one is probably one of the best ones Ive tasted
I love the bright green color. After I add hot water to the green tea powder, I whip it with a whisk, set it in the refrigerator to cool and the add a few drops of liquid Stevia to sweeten it a little. It looks a little strange, but has a good taste.
I've tried a number of brands and both loose and bagged tea, and this was quite delicious.  Although it's unsmoked it has a rich smoky flavor that's quite satisfying
I've never been a big soy eater until recently.  I have started trying to eat healthier, avoiding white flour, sugar, etc...Well, so I bought this product in order to have some baked foods around, like muffins & stuff.
It is really good when used as a substitute for white flour, and our whole family is happy with the stuff I am baking!  :)  
For those of us wanting to eat healthier and a little less "carbolicious", this pasta is really good.  It is difficult to tell the difference except this pasta has a bit more texture to it.  But hey, it's good, and to me, that's all that matters.  I stocked up.
When I first became obsessed with Indian cooking, I taught myself from books, and did everything by hand, including roasting and grinding my own spice blends from whole spices.  (If you want to teach yourself Indian cooking, check out my &quot;So You Want To...&quot; guide for helpful cookbooks.)  Since then, I have tried many pre-made spice blends, most of them lacking in flavor when compared to what I make myself.  And then I found Neera's Garam Masala on the shelf at the market, and discovered that this amazing product is as intense, lively and flavorful as the garam masala I used to spend HOURS making.  HOORAY!!  I was very happy to find it online at Amazon, because the markets I shop at do not carry specialty products consistently, so I was becoming frustrated when I couldn't find a new jar as my old jar was starting to look empty.  DOUBLE HOORAY!!  This is great stuff, and now I never have to be without. :
And this little gadget does the job much better than a Melitta style funnel and paper filter. If you grind your own you'll need to experiment a bit with how fine to grind and how tight to screw down the tamper, but after a few tries you should have the cup of coffee you want.
I have 4 now. They are pretty cool for serving coffee when you have company.  I don't think the online price is outrageous, but if you are lucky enough to live in a city with a Vietnamese market you can pick these up for $3 each
This is very good peanut brittle, I found no taste compromise even though it is sugar free.  In fact I found it superior to regular brands of peanut brittle I have eaten.  Most peanut brittle is hard as a rock, this brand had a perfect crisp crunch.
For a bag tea--which generally are not as good quality, this brews up like a top quality loose tea. It's a delicious snappy black blend, with a lovely scent and taste. One of my favorites
The taste of Maruchan Roast Chicken Flavor Ramen Noodle Soup (3 oz) is not chicken, my friends. Oh no. It is the taste of Death itself.
Recommend
Man, when it's the end of the month and there is no food in the fridge, I like to cook up a hot pot of Ramen Noodles. I just boil those noodles and hook it up with canned pork, tuna, cheese, green beans, tomatoes, lima beans, or pig feet. The best way to eat Ramen noodles is to pour a lot of hot sauce on top of it. Mm! Mm! Good! A hot bowl of Ramen noodles on a cold rainy day at the end of the month makes me feel good inside. It feels you right up. My favorite flavors are Beef, Roasted Chicken, and Scrimp
The lovely thing about Ramen Noodles is that they take three minutes to cook and three minutes to eat and one doesn't usually find themselves wanting to vomit afterwards. They're dirt cheap and their convenience doesn't impede upon the taste, which is always a plus.
This candy is very good and good for you.  This seller is one of the best I have had contact with also
I have used only two bottles of this sauce over a period of years. I enjoy hot sauce on my food but this one can only be used on large quantities. I use it mostly with chili. One small drop,not dash,in a big bowl will have tears flowing from your eyes! If you like it hot! This is the sauce for you
We originally purchased this candy in Walt Disney World at the Japan pavilion.  When we returned home, the kids wanted more of it, but I couldn't find any around town.  I came to Amazon and here it was.  They were thrilled.  It has a good flavor and texture and they really enjoyed it
I just got 4 packs today off the ice cream man and cant believe theyre still around. Im only 14 and remember 4 years ago getting these off the ice cream truck... I still have some too. Im gonna get this pack just so I have more for the year...
I was really impressed that I was able to buy this product on line. It was easy to make the purchase and received the goods on time. I will definitely order from them again
A `Starry Night' Snuggle Up...Served Warm with Aromas of Spices to Tantalize & Delight the Senses. ~Canterbury Cuisine 
Canterbury Cuisine makes one of the best Spiced Apple Cider Mixes. The decorative tin also increases the holiday spirit of the warm comforting drink. 
Ingredients: Sugar, Malic Acid, Maltodextrin, Tricalcium Phosphate (Prevents Caking), Apple Juice Solids, Caramel Color, Sodium Citrate (Controls Acidity), Ascorbic Acid, Natural and Artificial Flavors, Spice Extractive. Allergy Information: This product is made on equipment that also makes products containing wheat, soy, milk, eggs and tree nuts. 
Serving Size: 2 Tbsp
Servings Per Container: 6
Total Fat: 0g
Cholesterol: 0g
Total Carbohydrate: 27g
Protein: 0g
Direction: Add 2 tablespoons of Apple Cider Mix to 8 fluid ounces of hot water and stir.
Also look for Canterbury Naturals Apple Cinnamon Pancake Mix, Crepe Mix, Coffee Cake Mix, Country Style Cornbread Mix, Apple Cake Mix, Microwave Fudge Mix, Spiced Hot Chocolate, Famous Fair Scone Mix, Roasted Garlic Potato Corn Chowder, Rosemary Sage Whole Wheat Dressing Mix, Vanilla White Hot Chocolate Mix, Chocolate Chip Gingerbread Cookie Mix and Winter Fantasy Pasta. 
There is a nostalgic feel to the Canterbury products and I'm currently drinking the delicious Spiced Cider. The mix is wonderful to have in the kitchen cupboard in the winter for drinks with cheese and crackers. 
~The Rebecca Review
I started eating Quaker Oat Bran 2 years ago because I wanted a cereal that is high in fiber and protein, yet low in sugar. It is so good as a cereal with milk, and it stays crunchy. It also makes a fantastic trail mix with almonds and dried cranberries or other dried fruit. It reminds me a little of Chex cereal or Life cereal, but it is much healthier and substantial. I have not found any cereal I like better. Now my kids love it, too. I can't keep enough of it in the house. And I prefer this cereal to Quaker Oats Squares, which are made of larger squares
****
Tazo's Decaffeinated Chai Black Tea is an enjoyable chai experience for the most part. On the paper tea packet, Tazo writes, "a rich blend of full-flavored naturally decaffeinated teas and exotic aromatic spices." On their web site, Tazo describes the flavor profile of Decaffeinated Chai as "creamy, vanilla, sweet and pungent spices". Tazo describes the aroma as "sweet spice". Those are pretty accurate. The black tea "blend" is a little bitter, though, even with minimal brewing. It's a real trick to get it to brew long enough to get to experience the flavor from the spices without having the tea turn bitter.
The ingredients in Decaffeinated Chai are: naturally decaffeinated black teas, rooibos, cinnamon, ginger, cardamom, chicory, cloves, black pepper, natural flavors, and star anise. It is caffeine-free!
Tazo is an interesting company that makes only super premium teas. They are socially responsible, based in Portland, and have the motto, "The Reincarnation of Tea". Tazo is owned by Starbucks. Their web site is fun and quirky, with a Zen-type focus, definitely worth checking out. It is unclear, though, from their web site, how many of their ingredients are organic or kosher, and they do use some "natural flavors" in their teas--this wording seems a little vague for a super premium tea.
I would rate this tea, and Tazo in general, as good---better than premium teas like Stash or Celestial Seasonings---but not as good as Numi. I'm soooooo spoiled by Numi teas, which is why Tazo Decaffeinated Chai gets only four stars.
***
"Throughout India, chai wallahs can be found serving cups of decaffeinated chai to souls who naturally seek inner beauty at a slightly gentler pace." 
If you like your Chai with a peppery kick, then this tea will interest you. Rooibos, cinnamon, ginger, decaffeinated black tea, cardamom, ginger, chicory, cloves, star anise and other natural flavors seem to take a back seat to the delicious peppery flavor of this tea. This tea tastes similar to a tea I first tasted in Africa, where Rooibos tea is grown. 
Best served with milk/powdered milk/soy milk or a dash of cream and some honey. Since this is a decaffeinated tea, it is perfect for late night writing sessions or when you want something calming to drink that doesn't taste like chamomile. 
~The Rebecca Revie
My favorite evening cuppa.  Helps me to gently relax and drift into an evening of restful sleep.  I'm delighted that Amazon is now offering it, as I previously had to travel to Seattle to buy it.  It's got a memorably pleasant vanilla aroma, looks gorgeous in a tin, and brews up marvelously.  Delightful
Excellent quality and fast shipment. Will purchase from same vendor in the future
I love green tea, and tea lovers will understand that I strongly prefer the loose leaf kind. 
However, during the day in the office this is the best substitute for the real thing.
Enjoy!
This was the first Tasty Bite Entree product that I bought.  I though it was very good, and very authentic-tasting.  There is a lot of sauce, and you do need some rice or bread to sop up the sauce.  There was not a lot of paneer cheese in the first packet I tried, maybe three small pieces.  Still, it is an excellent product
very excellent flavor.  I gave my son a few packets, and he said that his 9-month-old grabbed some off his plate.  A lttle spicy, but excellent over Jasmine rice
I love this... it is my favorite of all Tasty Bites!  I never get tired of it!  Great Flavor
I am exceptionally pleased with the product and the company.  I had a minor problem with the merchandise and let them know.  I had an immediate response and the problem was rectified faster than I ever expected
It comes with everything you need (except the little bit of sugar you're supposed to add after the pearls are rinsed, but that's not a big deal - I just mentioned it for accuracy), the pearls are easy to fix and the instructions are easy to understand. The shaker is also quite sturdy, so it can be cleaned and used again.   :o
Unlike other oriental noodles you buy, this product has superb flavors and great noodle quality that does not break down. The vegetables taste like vegatables and there is NOT a lame aftertaste like some noodle packets bought in stores. Price is a little high, but you get what you pay for....Quality
We have purchased this ramen at a store that specializes in Asian food.  There are numerous varieties of ramen so you have to try many of them to find those that you think have the best flavor.
We were a bit apprehensive the first time we tried this ramen.  However, it has since become one of our favorites.  The spice is hot, but it adds a really good flavor to the noodles.  A real winner when you are in the mood for spicy food, or on a cold day.  Because this ramen is very hot, we have also mixed a package of this ramen with a package of chicken ramen to lower the chemical heat.  Even with such a mixture the soup is still fairly hot.
When I say hot, I mean spicy hot.  For many people medium hot is incredibly hot, but I can barely discern any spice in medium hot salsa.  I am accustomed to eating spicy Mexican food and Korean food, so when I say this soup is hot, you have a good reference
Thai tea is a wonderful exotic drink with deep flavors and vibrant overtones. Almost a dessert, but can quickly cool your month down after fiery Thai entrees. Pacificrim-gourmet also offers another brand of thai tea which is less expensive and yields more tea per package and some argue is more authentic.  Both are very good.  Ordering the products are easy and delivery was quick, and not as expensive as some other on-line vendors
We picked this up in Italy last February and brought it home with us. It's easy to use and makes great cappuccinos and lattes. We love how compact it is. It's also easy to keep on the stove or hide away in a cabinet. And of course we love the cow print. We get lots of compliments - both about the coffee and how it looks. There's no way I would trade it for one of those huge counter top machines
If you like it hot then this is for you.
WARNING: only gods can handle this substance.
For you lesser beings, just add it to recipes :)
I love hot sauce.  I have been a big fan of other "insane" hot sauces, but the problem with them is that for the most part, they cannot be put directly on food, instead, they need to be diluted before they're okay for consumption.
Not this hot sauce.  It's perfectly hot enough, yet not too hot to eat straight out of the bottle.  I put it on everything:  Burger too blah with the normal condiments, El Yucateco can fix it!  Shrimp cocktail not kicking, El Yucateco will show those shrimp who's boss.  I even use it to bring salsas up to the proper level of heat.  
It's definitely hot.  If all you're used to is normal, red-colored vinegar water, this hot sauce will open your eyes and set your mouth on fire.  But, if you're looking for something with good flavor that'll keep you coming back for more, this is the stuff. 
Sumac is a great spice, used all over the middle east.  Try it as the Persians do - sprinkled over steamed Basmati rice and grilled kababs.  Or for a Lebanese style breakfast, cook eggs sunny side up in olive oil and sprinkle with Sumac.  Perfect with some warm pita bread
These freeze dried strawberries are fabulous.  I use them in everything from cold cereal to oatmeal and even as an ice cream topping.  Most recently, I've chopped them up and added them to a batch of Rice Krispy treats (receiving rave reviews in the process!)  They're also great to snack on plain.  They have a light, crisp texture but they are not crunchy and they absorb moisture immediately.  Although 8 ounces doesn't sound like much, you really get a very generous quantity of these lighter-than-air strawberries.  I recommend this item highly
I was skeptical at first as to how good freeze dried strawberries could be but they taste great, like fresh picked strawberries
Great product and great service. My 2 year old son LOVES the strawberry and they make a good healthy snack
These are the best berries I've ever tasted!  I thought for sure they were sweetened, but they're not.  The berries they used must have been perfectly ripe and the flavor just blasts your mouth when you try them.  Additionally, the slices are whole, with very little breakage in the can.  The value you get is pretty great, considering that 8oz of berries is approximately equivalent to 5# of fresh strawberries.  At $3/lb (+ shipping) that's really not bad, and you can have these year-round, even when strawberries aren't in season
These strawberries are great.  They are great on cereal.  The price is fantastic.  My kids had some freeze dried berries at a "space center" but they were much more expensive.  These are a steal.  I am so happy to know where to get great freeze dried berries at a great price. 
Love this product and it saved our lives!!!! This is the only thing that our 16 month old will eat, when it comes to fruits and veggies. Yummy and they were shipped quickly!  Price is excellent when compared to other freeze dried products that I have found.  Highly recommend
We picked up this candle at Hudson News as we were departing Seattle. It smells absolutley amazing. I was so happy to find out that they are available online, now I can finally buy more
These were so delicious! They gave a great variety of cakes. When I say cakes, I mean in the sense that they're little asian rice balls filled with sweet bean paste, either mung bean or red bean. They're yummy and light. I didn't care for the strawberry/grape jelly cakes, they seemed like fillers, but the rest tasted good. Refridgerate thm after a day if you don't eat them immediately. They might dry out if you leave them in the box.
I loved their wagashi!  Not easy to find in the midwest..this was a great purchase! Ordered on Monday ..arrived on Thursday...still cold. Would definitely order again
I too have placed an order (actually 3) with Ana Super on Jan 3 and did not receive my shipment.  If you go to their web site:  http://www.anasuper.com/  you will see that they are on vacation the first week of January and will resume shipments on January 10.
Initially, I was upset too that I had not received my order after paying overnight shipping fees.  However, given that they are on vacation, I will also update my review and provide information regarding my experience with them re: packaging, shipping, etc.
------------
I received an e-mail from AnaSuper and indeed, they were on vacation last week.  They said that they would send out my orders of wagashi today and they should be received tomorrow.  Hurray!
------------
The wagashi did arrive.  I had minor problems with 2 more orders coming through but the customer service did a thorough job tracking down what happened and now all orders have been completed.
The wagashi were very fresh and tasted great.  I sent some to my sister and to my student's mother as well.  My brother-in-law has eaten almost half the order already!
I would do business with Ana Super again
We were thrilled to find an online source for wagashi mochi desserts. We love Japanese desserts but because we don't live in New York or California we have a very hard time getting our hands on any. So when we found these we ordered right away. They arrived promptly and well packaged and tasted absolutely wonderful. Though a bit pricy after adding the speedy shipping they really were wonderful. It's not too hard to make plain old daifuku but when you crave the fancier stuff this is the way to go.
This green tea has a very smooth mellow taste. I have tried different green teas and this is the best I have every tasted. I have been ordering this product for a couple of years now. If you love a good green tea, this is the one
I drink this green tea by Yamamotoyama for almost three years already. I am impressed by the quality and the taste.  Highly recommende
I eat a box of these whenever I am depressed.  It always perks me up.  They're so chocolaty and rich!  Way better than most brands of cookies, even better than most people's homemade ones. Peace
I love this stuff and was quite please to find it so easily on Amazon since I can't find it elsewhere.  Not for everyone- tart and spicy at the same time
Im so glad I found this online because I couldnt find in anywhere that I know of here in Houston, Tx. I found 1 packet at a Mex Grocery Store! 1 package! w/5 for $1.00!! I can eat all of them in one sitting! I've love Tamarindos since I was a little girl growing up in South Texas! This candy has a hot but sweet Taste and its a pressed type of grainy texture! THE BEST
i bought this candy and when i tasted it it tasted so good.So its the best candy but it hurts your teeth When you eat But this is good and addicting cand
It is an acquired taste. When a friend offered me a piece I said sure and soon made a face she still laughs about. But it was an interesting sensation that was happening in my mouth. Salty, then sweet, then hot. I had to finish the piece even though I didn't care for it initially, because it was fascinating.
Then I decided to try another piece I was offered at a Mexican restaurant. I found that it tasted better to me and was still very interesting sensation. Now I bought a package of 4 pcs each time a special event in culinary weirdness and now I am a pulparindo addict. What came to mind was a scene in Star Trek the Next Generation when Data just got his new emotion chip and drank a nasty concoction. Guinan says,"How do you like it?' Data says, "It's revolting. May I have a another?
Pulparindo is made with tamarind pulp, sugar, chili powder and salt.  People either love or hate it.  I love it
Regular Hershey's Kisses have always tasted great, but when I tried this flavor, it was an eye-opener.   The cherry flavor in the center makes me think of my Mom's favorite chocolate covered cherries of the 1950s.  Those were always considered too expensive and grown up for us kids to eat.  Now I can have cherry cordial kisses whenever I want.
Unfortunately they don't last long around my house. Treat yourself
  I personally LOVE crunchy cheetos, but if you look at the nutrition facts they're not really that healthy. I love the crunch and the cheesiness. Everything about cheetos are great, I even love to lick the cheese off of my fingers. Although the fat, salt, calorie, and carbohyrdrate content are EXTREMELY terrible, the package may say 100% real chese, but its 100% real FAKE cheese. It's like everyone loves chocolate, but it's unhealthy. 
  I don't advise you to buy these snacks when you can eat something healthier, perhaps a bag of low sodium pretzels or a piece of fruit. I think you should definintely eat cheetos at least once in a while because they taste delicious, just not all the time. I don't want to sound like a paranoid health inspector, I'm just giving you my personal opinion on this product! I &lt;3 CHEETOS
The cheese flavor is delictible.  But, don't fall for these wimpy ones.  Buy the huge puffed Cheetos.  Those are the best.  
Did you know that parents once raised a commotion about Chester the Cheetah?  They thought his cool attitude and love for Cheetos would encourage children to eat too many Cheetos and become obese.  I think this is a valid concern.  Maybe that is why we do not see too many Cheeto commericals anymore.
I might add that I find the orange dust to be enjoyable.  Finger licking good, indeed, don't be prissy.  I also enjoy the orange stains Cheetos leave on your fingers after the dust is gone.  Maybe you can convince your friends you are very artistic and just finger painted a masterpiece using just one shade of orange
I love Cheetos!
Did you have any idea you could review Cheetos on Amazon.com?  I admit I had no idea.  I typed it as a goof and up the page came.
But I stand by my 5 star review.
Full of yummy MSG.  Do you know how MSG works?  It dilates your taste buds so all the flavors seem more intense.  It actually has no taste of its own.  Did you know?
When my mother was pregnant with me, she would wake up in the middle of the night and ask my father to go out and buy cheetos.  I don't know why.  Maybe the salty goodness.
If cheetos cost as much as truffles, they would be a considered a delicacy and served at the finest restaurants.  I wonder if you can buy truffles on Amazon.com.  Shall we check?  See you there
This is snack that you won't forget. It's super chesy and good. And they are super crunchy,the best part Cheetos. Get em now and enjoy
Talk about yummy. Another fatty treat from the 'Eat-os' family. It's nice and crunchy and cheesy and deliciously satisfying
C. Howard Company has been around since 1934, when Mr. Howard formed it in New York City to sell his violet mints. Actually, due to the quirky way he wrote his signs, it has been "Choward Violet Mints" ever since then!
Violets are very hard to describe. They have a wonderful, perfumed scent that makes you think that they will taste like some sort of chemical, but nothing can be further from the truth. These candies have a delicate taste that clears the mouth and freshens the breath.
When I was young, a local drug store carried a wide range of candies, including Violets (at least that's what I called them). Whenever I could I would go and buy a pack, and to this day the taste of Violets takes me back to my youth and that drug store with the giant racks of candy.
So, if you want a candy that tastes like NOTHING you've ever had before, then buy these candies. They are fantastic
I read this book from cover to cover and was fascinated by the information it provided both in scientific and in laymen terms. I started drinking Himalayan Goji Juice shortly after, in hopes of improving my poor night vision. The Himalayan Goji Juice is the only product that I'm aware of that has been standardized; like a fine bottle of wine, consistency and quality were key for me. 
For additional information visit: http://Research.GojiProject.com
1 month after taking this juice not only has my vision improved but my indigestion after meals has also begun to subside. I couldn't be happier. 
I would recommend this book without reservation to anyone looking for a natural alternative to improve their health
wonderful. it could only be improved if it came with a packet of rice like the other entrees do
In my experiences with Indian cuisine from patronizing local restaurants owned and operated by native Indian folks, this is quite comparable and the flavors are very similar.  It's nice to be able to open a package of Indian food to eat with some Basmati rice quickly. Recommended.
Some of the flavors are spicy.
Add a can of chick peas/garbonzo beans and you can give this entree 6 stars. Makes it look a bit more appealing, too
I love this stuff.  I have a 12 pack at my office when I can't get out for lunch.  90 seconds in the microwave, and I'm eating
One of my favorites.  As good as it gets ... for what it is (prepackaged Indian food).  The flavor is authentic, and preparation is easy.  Best mixed with basmati rice.  I recommend adding chopped fresh coriander (cilantro). You might want to add a dollop of yogurt if you have a low tolerance for hot spice
Very good soup.  Easy to make and brings Latin American flavors to life.  Works well with any meal.  My only complaint is that it clumped after letting it sit for a minute, so I had to stir it quite often. But overall, a delicious soup that I will continue to buy & enjoy
I just made this soup for the first time, and it could not have been easier.  Add water, heat, and then garnish with a little cheese.  
I didn't find it terribly spicy hot. The chiles used are nice and mild.
A tasty dinner indeed
This is one of those items you will want to keep in your pantry for a fast and satisfying meal.  A thick soup that has a perfect blend of sweet and spicy (for a thinner version add a can of chicken broth).  Perfect for autumn...worked great for a tail-gate party
I literally spent about 3 hours today trying to find a single store in my county that carry the Haribo peaches! I went everywhere because I needed my fix. Trolli peach rings just don't cut it when you have a hankerin' for these candies! Whooopee
These are the best lollipops I've ever had, and they are corn-free!  I would have been excited to find any lollipops that my allergic kids could eat, but I'm really excited that these also happen to be delicious
MY son loves the strawberies. We have eaten about 12 cans in the last few years since I found them for sale
Wonderful service and product!  Best price for freeze dried strawberries that I've found.  There was some powder, but I've always noted this with freeze dried strawberries.  I didn't think it was excessive, and I think it's great added to the graham cracker crust for cheescake
I've been buying these freeze dried strawberries for several months and use them mainly in my cereal. They are delicious and consistantly high quality. I have only had one can with what seemed like excessive strawberry "powder" at the bottom.
After years of nothing but Illy pods -- which are very good -- it was nice to branch out and try some other brands. The variety pack is a fun way to do that. I give it 5 stars because it is as advertised. The coffees are good - some are better than others, you'll find your favorites - and it is also nice to have a variety of decafs in the house. 
Illy is still a staple, though
I used to buy pods at Starbucks, but I started longing for something a little more authentic. Luckily, my fiancee bought me the PodMerchant Megasampler as a Christmas present. I was overwhelmed!
I never knew there were so many different kinds of espresso pods available, especially from one store. The selection in this sampler is huge, and it includes both caffeinated and decaf pods.  (There is also the Super Sampler but it doesn't include decaf, which is nice sometimes in the evening).
After trying these pods we found which espressos we liked best and have been buying those, but it all started with the Mega sampler. The shipping was also very fast.
If you're looking to expand your coffee horizons and have an espresso pod machine, you'll almost certainly find some new favorites in here
This is one of my favorite candy items, and one I think is well purchased by anyone with a sweet tooth, any gum lover, or any one looking for a taste of the orient. Three of the flavors in the package: Peach, Mixed Fruit, and Green Apple are in a `brick' form. They are about 1 in X � in and are very soft and easy to chew. The remaining four flavors: Orange, Strawberry, Grape, and Melon all come in small boxes that contain four gumballs each. 
Each flavor is powerful without being overpowering. They have a smooth, almost creamy texture when chewed, and blow nice big bubbles. Also, they're not overly sweet, or grainy with sugar. My teeth are often sensitive if gum is too sugary, yet these offer no obstacles, only mouth appeal. 
I highly recommend this gum!
I purchased this for an Oktoberfest party, there was a lot left over, mostly because people were slightly intimidated or mostly really drunk.  The sweet tasted nicely and were decorated in a very pretty way.  I'd recommend this to anyone who doesn't want to make their own marzipan and needs to purchase a large quantity.  There are several little "flats" of the candies so you can package them seperately or give a flat away to a friend easily enough
I ordered these last Christmas to wrap up and give to my parents as a gift. The box I received was fresh and in good condition. The marzipan themselves were delicious, and there were enough for the whole family to share. I think these little gems will become a regular addition to our holiday celebration.
This red curry is very good. It's nice and spicy which is what I like. The only thing that would make it a 5 would be a few more vegetables. Other than that, it's perfect
I bought this for my husband who is on a low-carb diet. This toffee is excellent! I am having a hard time believing that it has less than one carb per bar. I am ordering another box today
We bought this salt in the south of France where it is available in every supermarket. It is crunchy and delicious. It has been consistently rated as the number one gourmet salt.  Sprinkle on anything and your meal will be transformed. Yum
Great service quick shipping, if you order through the companies web site you will save $10.0
I make Thai curries occasionally, and the mortar and pestle I was using was tiny.  I would have to grind up all the spices in batches to avoid them from spilling out.  I finally broke down and looked for a larger set and found this one.  I debated between the 2 and 3 cup version, because I didn't have a good feel for how big they really were.  I ended up getting the 2 cup version, and I love it.  It is very large - plenty big enough for making a good size curry paste.  Its also very heavy, because, as advertised, is made of a solid chunk of granite.  It also looks great, attractive enough to leave out on the counter, and people constantly comment on it when visiting.  Mine doesn't look quite like the picture on amazon.  The outside of the bowl (mortar) and the top half of the pestle appear to be polished in the picture, which is not the case for the one I received.  Very heavy and solid - a great purchase.
After comparisons of plastic, metal and granite... I decided to go with the stone and was delighted with my choice. Not only is it beautiful, but the craftsmanship is superb. I could not have made a finer choice! I think every kitchen should have one
Better than expected quality - very nice quality and very attractive.  Quick shipping and response
I put this item on my Christmas wish list....I didn't realize just how large and lovely and superior in quality it would be compared to others on the market! I've never seen a mortar and pestle like this before. It is top quality and a 'treat' to own and use
If you like smashing things, this does the job nicely. I smiled taking it out of the box. It is quite heavy and large. Very nice open bowl with large capacity.
I highly recommend this as a workhorse. Warning: you may need a second smaller mortar if you pour/dump from your mortar often as this is very heavy. But this is very handy for working with larger items or quantities
Received as a gift from my wife (I'm the cook) and it makes quick work of herbs, fresh berries for yogurt or anything you need to smash
One of the best purchases for my kitchen.  It is incredible what you can do with this handsome addition and It looks great in the kitchen. Making marinades with it is so easy. I totally recommend it.  It would also make a great gift
And it is such a great mortar and pestle. Functional and looks wonderful on my counte
If you are someone who could care less about carbs and the Atkins diet, Splenda is an awesome sugar substitute.  Some dont have a choice on whether or not they can have sugar, Splenda is the best substitute I can find.  That includes my grandfather as well.  Thank you for Spenda!
My wife uses Authentic Foods Dough Enhancer on her spelt home made bread recipe.  It makes a world of difference. The dough rises about 1/3 more making for a great looking and tasting bread
I keep these in my purse and at my desk...they are amazingly tasty! I love that they are so un-processed and natural. I love this flavor, cherry,a nd also the apple pie and pecan. you wont be dissapointed if you want a simple tasty bar to snack on
I love these sour stragehtii, there is nothing like them. I tend to freeze them on the frezzer, they harden up and taste even better.
I recommend this product to all sour candy lover
This salt is very good. I have purchased other flavored salts from this company and I have been very happy with service and quality.  I will continue to use this company
That is my husbands' view; he's the one who eats habanero peppers like they're radishes!!- he love's this sauce; he adds it to his own salsa blends to make them hot enough to melt your tonsils... he has quite a following for his home-made sauces.  When he can't get fresh habeneros he uses Dave's to turn up the heat
having experimented with several hot sauces over several years including pyro diablo and snakebite habanero extract i can confidently say that this is the tastiest and hottest sauce i have ever used.  my only regret is that it is that it is nearly impossible to apply in small enough quantities leaving my eyes bleeding after every use.  perfect 
Ok folks, this is not a joke.  I am a real fan of hot sauce, hot peppers and anything that makes my eyes water, and I have to honestly say that Dave's Insanity Sauce is absolutely the hottest thing I've ever tasted.  I use one drop in about 25 ounces of home-made tomato sauce and it makes the sauce noticibly hot.  This is NOT a sauce to dash into your soup or to liven up some salsa.  DON'T USE IT LIKE TABASCO!!!  It is a heavy-duty hot sauce that should be used as in ingredient when cooking a decent amount of a dish.  My brother doubted its powers so I poked the end of a toothpick into the sauce and gave it to him.  The poor guy freaked and ate more Italian bread than I've ever seen anyone eat in my life.  This bottle will last you a long time.  Why doesn't it get 5 stars?  It's just too hot
THis are the Original Gummy Bears, my brother discovered in Germany and since then (last year 2006) we couldnt find them nowhere. Great product
Hans Riegel was not only one of the most prominent manufacturer's of sweets, he introduced a product to the world that's far more addictive than crack or heroine.  These sweet little gummies are some of the tastiest bits of candy on the market.  Unfortunately they're addictive as well...my son foams at the mouth, begging for gummies at all hours.  At times this works to our advantage...bribery, a la the Scooby Snack. However, we know these are not the most nutritious snacks on the market.
Curse you Hans Riegel
This candy is AWESOME... read my review I posted on the 5LB bag page. And while you are at it... buy the 5# bag ... they are way cheaper. This 12 pack ends up being only 3.75 LBS and costs $12.50 and the 5LB bag is only $13.00 as of this review.
This kit is so cool!  It's not like bobas that you get in restaurants but it's so cool how it all comes together.  They give you everything you need and the instructions are clear.  The different flavors are really cool too.  My fiance and I love making the drinks, it makes us feel special :
I believe these must be the tastiest sardines on the planet.  They are small and tender, not like the big fish sold by some other brands, and the olive and pimiento are the perfect seasonings for sardines.  Great with crackers and oranges for lunch
This is very good roasted seaweed.  Excellent, in fact.  Most companies just dry their seaweed but let me tell you, they are lazy and really don't know seaweed.  See, that's the problem with most of the world today, laziness!  I can remember a time when companies and people cared about going the extra mile, when quality still mattered.  It's a shame.  Everyone is all about speed and convenience, speed and convenience.  It's like we're all on treadmills or really fast escalators or something quick and automated like that.  I just don't know what is wrong with everyone.  Sometimes I just have to sit down and shake my head. 
Roasting makes the seaweed almost taste like chicken and when you use it in your favourite recipes, you will think you've died and gone to heaven.  Yamamotoyama is the best! 
Honestly, as a family who is gluten free, corn free, soy free, dairy free I've tried EVERYTHING on the market atleast once. This brand of pasta is the #1 choice in our household, and the number one choice of families I know who have kids who can't eat wheat. Unlike corn pastas and MOST brown rice pastas, this one never gets mushy. Skip the trials we went thru, just buy this one.
Tinkyada makes the BEST brown rice pasta!  My kids eat it with just butter and shaved parmesan and never notice that it's not regular semolina pasta.  With a hearty meat sauce, my husband can't even tell the difference.  Definitely recommended
I LOVED THEM!  HARD TO LOCATE IN THE CAROLINAS.  I WISH I COULD HAVE BOUGHT A CASE.  I ADVISE EVERYONE TO TRY THEM -- SPLIT THEM AND PUT A MIXTURE OF WHIPPED CREAM CHEESE AND CRUSHED PINEAPPLE INSIDE FOR A FABULOUS FINGER FOOD FOR ANY OCCASSION!  THEY ARE SIMPLE DELIGHTFUL
Having spent several months trying to find the cookies in our area to no avail located them through Amoazon, ordered them during the Holiday Season 
had a very quick respons and were able to have them for Christmas Day.
I just can't beleive how quickly We received the cookies without one being broken
Fantastic.  Speed of delivery during Xmas. WOW.   Will use this store again.  AAAAAAAAAAA++++++++++++++++
This Matcha Green Tea Powder is delicious!  It does come slightly pre-sweetened, so people who do not wish to consume any sugar may need to be aware.  Also, sometimes the package has "Mo-cha" on the label, which is 'Chinese' for Green Tea (exactly the same as Matcha Green Tea).  I used this powder to make a Green Tea Smoothie Frappe and it tasted great.  Highly recommend
My daughter was delighted with the Breakfast for two gift basket and hasnt stopped talking about it. The pancake mix was her favourite
Goya product that I couldn't put my hands on in my Baltimore neighborhood.  Good price, but to avoid overpaying shipping you have to buy in bulk
Some of the illustrated jars were described as "Branston" while others were called "Crosse and Blackwell". The prices were slightly different but there was no way to tell the illustrated products apart since all the jars carried the label "Crosse and Blackwell" and size was not given for all
Celestial Seasonings has done all of us who experience fitful sleeping a great service by this offering. 
This tea is gentle, soothing, and an all natural way to end your day. I especially enjoy a cup of this tea sitting in front of the fireplace, wrapped in a warm blanket, and reading a good book. 
There is something about this tea that is comforting to the soul. A nice, warm cup is enough to help you feel comfortable in your own skin, and settle down to a restful slumber.
Highly recommended
Valerian and Chamomile are blended with spearmint leaves, lemon grass, hawthorn berries and orange blossoms to create a delicious tea to savor late at night before you drift off into dreams. 
This tea is much more effective than regular Sleepytime and I can say this because my sleep cycle has been fairly regular with much fewer nights of tossing and turning. You may also find that your mood the next day is rather mild and you feel more relaxed in general. This could be due to getting a good night's sleep for a change or it could be that the valerian has a lasting effect. 
Valerian is a very effective herb if you can't get to sleep and this tea is highly recommended for insomnia. Unlike sleeping pills, you won't feel groggy the next morning. Blend in a little lavender or orange blossom honey to enhance this deliciously mild minty tea. 
~The Rebecca Review
We learned about agave nectar in San Francisco at Tres Agaves, a Mexican restaurant that makes the best margaritas we have ever had.  They use 100% reposado blue agave tequila with lime juice and with agave nectar to take the bite off.  When we got our bottle, we made margaritas that were also amazing and then began using it whenever we would normally use honey.  I especially like it for slightly sweetening a home made vinagerette.  Wonderful stuff
Lots of very gourmet foods, could tell the personal touch was there.  Arrived packaged safely and with care and at the time it was stated to arrive.  You could not do better when purchasing gift baskets than using this company.  I have ordered them for years and this is the best of the bunch
This was my dad's absolute favorite candy. He loved orange and bittersweet chocolate best of any flavors and this was, for him a match made in heaven. I adore it as well. After my dad passed away, I found a stash of them in his cupboard. They aren't easy to find, but they make a most welcome after-dinner sweet with coffee for guests.
The product description calls the Orangettes "Belgian Vitamin C."  Except for the luxury price, I'm sure Belgians must be pretty healthy with these around.  They're amazing!  The combination of orange peel and chocolate has long been popular, but Leonidas does it very well.  The dark chocolate is very rich, not bitter, and completely covers the orange peel (which retains a good flavor and isn't overly sweet).  Unlike other chocolatiers who often dip the peel only partially, Leonidas has made certain to put their chocolate center stage by using a generous portion.  The result is an addictive treat because the flavors linger on the palate and the Orangettes aren't so sweet as to become cloying.
I don't know if these guys are really going to improve your health, but they will definitely improve your day.  In my opinion, they're worth the money as an occasional purchase and certainly worth a one-time try.  
The packaging is a gold box, wrapped in blue and white Leonidas paper with a gilt deep purple box.  For shipping, the package was placed inside a sturdy styrofoam shell.  Mine arrived within three days and looked like I'd purchased them at the store to give as a gift
I am not really a big candy person, but I received these white chocolates for Christmas, and let's just say I have a new found love of white chocolate. I have never had something so wonderful. It is truely a heavenly chocolate experience. If you haven't tried them you must, if you have, then welcome to the world of fine chocolates. Amen!!
My diet requires that I eat less sugar so I'm constantly trying sugar free products. I've always loved the Jelly Belly brand and the sugar free beans are a great alternative. My favorite flavor by far is buttered popcorn and it tastes almost exactly the same as the orginal. The only thing is the outer shell is a bit harder than the traditional bean, but for someone who is picky it wasn't enough to bother me. It is lower in calories but watch what you eat because it still has carbohydrates just like anything else. I would recommend this product to anyone
The sugar-free was very good. I've had the regular but these are really good too, especially if you are a diabetic or just want to avoid sugar. Quite a few flavors
This instant Thai tea did not taste like  the Thai tea I've had restaurants, but it was pretty good. I liked it hot rather than cold. It's pretty sweet. I decided to add a very small amount of Cinnamon to it and it came out great. A bit high on calories-180 calories per packet. I would buy it again
I was testing a recipe using different syrups and got very similar results using light corn syrup and Lyle's Golden syrup
Authentic taste, long shelf life in your fridge, easy to use, and the price is right.  How can you go wrong.  When I prepare a curry with this I don't go crazy with a lot of Thai ingredients other than the curry paste.  Just some veggies from the super like bell pepper, scallions, carrots, jalapeno and serrano chilies, and some sliced pork or chicken or beef.  So easy and so delicious
My cousin-in-law is Thai and she cooked an amazing curry for us.  I had to have the recipe and she said it was really very simple.  Just get the green Mae Ploy curry paste, some Asian basil, and some coconut milk.  A little salt, sugar, chicken, some bamboo shoots and rice were the only other things I would need to make it.  Well, I couldn't believe it was really THAT simple, but it was!  The paste imparts several subtle and delicious flavors to the curry.  Tastes like you slaved for hours.  I never have leftovers when I make this curry.  The paste is so low priced I plan to stock up so I'll always have some on hand.  Plus-- no preservatives, no wierd ingredients.  It's all food stuffs, albiet some of the ingredients I don't recognize... what is a galangal?  Whatever it all is, sure tastes good
I'd don't know exactly how to write an in-depth review of anything, let alone a candybar, so I'll just describe what I think of it.
In my opinion, the Dark Chocolate Toblerone candy bar is my favore candy bar for simple reasons:
1. Dark chocolate is my favorite kind of chocolate
2. The honey that's added adds a subtle smoothness
3. The almond pieces aren't very big so the bar is mostly chocolate
4. Swiss chocolate is the best chocolate I've eveer had
5. There's no denying the packaging is really neat
What can I say, it's a candy bar
Product arrived quickly and was priced much lower than I have ever paid for it in Minesota or Illinois. Packaging was excellent. I will do business with this company again.
I ordered the gourmet sampler and am very pleased with both the freshness and taste! (My box had 3 ice packs to keep the bakery chilled, plus plenty of foam peanuts so there was no breakage or crushing.)
I had first tried a muffin from a local retailer, but wanted an idea of other Chatila products. Granted, when anything is sugar-free, it doesn't taste just like the "original". But the items I recieved were close enough that I don't feel like I'm missing out on anything. 
I follow a diet, for medical reasons, that is low in sugar and high in protein. These products balance both nutritionally without sacrificing taste.  My first bite of the chocolate donut (the first donu I've had in 20 months) was great. I can enjoy treats now that I thought I'd never be able to eat again
Fox's chocolate syrup is by far the best chocolate syrup I have ever used. I saw it in the local grocery store here in Pittsburgh, PA and tried it. After using it for about six months, the local store here stopped selling it. I briefly tried the "other brands" and there's no way I can even go back to them after using Fox's
If you're from Brooklyn there's really only one chocolate syrup for your milk or egg creams. Fox's is THE cult favorite dating way back maybe even before trolley cars and the original TROLLEY DODGERS! No bona fide Brooklynite or ex-patriate, such as myself, would ever consider a substitute. Hershey be da----!This is the real deal; accept no substitutes. My only regret is the shipping cost from this purveyor. It's cheaper to get on a train and visit the nearest NYC Gristede's; and you get a day in Manhattan to boot! 5 stars plus for this wonderful, unbeatable product. Zero stars for the not to be believed cost to get it home. Demand it of your local super market manager.
Not only are the truffles excellent, but the package arrived in record speed with standard shipping chosen.  We are very pleased with our truffles and with our experience with this company.  We will be ordering from them again
   Finally - a company that cares about it's reputation and products!  I ordered these truffles and recieved them securely packaged and protected to ensure they arrived safely and as quickly as possible.  I am even planning a special dinner with friends entirely based around the truffles I ordered as I was so please with them.
  I also saw the other products this company carries - the attention to detail and the information provided on each and every product is outstanding - just like their quality (i.e.: Saffron).  I have found my gourmet source from now on!
if every seller was like JR mushrooms the world would be a much better place. They wont stop until there customer is completly satisfied. I ordered some winter black truffles from them and got my package lightning fast but came to find out that it wasnt what i ordered. I called JR and they said they sent better quality black truffles that cost more for the same price and this story doesnt end they even sent a jar of the original truffles i ordered just so i can taste the diffrence FOR FREE!!!!!!!!! Name another seller that would do that
They didn't lie in the description! This stuff does have a delightful flavor that is both sweet and tart. Thing is, I had no idea it would be so STRONG! These little sticks of gum pack some serious flavor, and it lasts a long time. A worthwhile buy, I say
my dad recently found out he was diabetic (and go figure, we are from milwaukee, wi too)...and he loves chocolate. this was my first of three birthday gifts for him. it came in a fabulous tin, and he said the entire house smelled of pure belgian chocolate, the minute he opened the tin. it tasted absolutely wonderful. and for $20...this is not a deal, this is a steal. sugar-free does not mean calorie or carb free, but he can still eat slices in moderation. he was very, very excited about this present. and i was very glad to make his day! wisconsin cheeseman shipped in like 2 days. i know all good cheese comes from wisconsin, but now i know quality bakery too! THANK YOU! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! he can't keep his hands off of it. heh
to all those diabetics out there this is the cake for u its great and delicous and sinfull without the risks espically for those expecting moms out there who have those night craving and ur a diabetic this the cake for u 
thank
These are another neat taste experience from japan. The chocobabies, however, contain shellac as an ingredient, which kinda turned me off to them when I learned about it. The stars in this set are the strawberry-chocolate cone things, whatever they're called. They're delicious! Also, the coffee flavored ones are excellent. I'm finding I am a fan of just about anything made by Meiji, and this set is no exception
I bought both the 50 Flavor Gift Box and the Bean Blast Basket for corporate Christmas gifts. The Basket was much more expensive and didn't have nearly the wow value of this 50 Flavor Gift Box. It's shaped like a Monopoly game box and has the substantial feel of a real gift. It's also reasonably priced at around $15. Of course, the jelly beans are top notch and the unique flavors speak for themselves.
This is an excellent gift item or treat for yourself
Jelly Bellies are the gourmet version of the jelly bean. They are unique because of the variety of flavors and the ease with which you can recognize flavors. Even better, there are combinations of Jelly Bellies that can yield even more flavors. Jelly Bellies are small, but they are packed with a great flavor. 
Jelly Bellies are a special treat and while there are not an every day snack, I love to indulge upon occasion.  They are worth every penny each time I splurge to get them.
Enjoy!
I'm a huge fan of Jelly Belly jelly beans, so I really enjoyed this gift box of 50 different kinds!  My favorite is definitely tangerine - but it's always a treat to try new and different flavors.  This box comes with a guide that tells you which flavors are which, so you can avoid the ones you dislike (for me - peanut butter jelly beans.. gag!).  It's pretty good size with a decent amount of jelly beans for the price - Jelly Bellies have never been cheap!  It's well worth the cost though, and a GREAT gift this year for Christmas
Ramune is the Japanese version Lemonade, and it is a really nice drink, if you can get the glass ball to move away from the opening without spraying yourself with your drink. If you have been sprayed once too often, but love the taste, perhaps you should try this candy. 
I am pretty addicted to the stuff, and eat them 3 or 4 at a time. I enjoy just letting them sit in my mouth with that fizzy taste. They really taste quite a lot like ramune should. Sucking on some ramune candy is nice way to pass time reading, actually. They are quite refreshing.
These candies are not hard, and quite chewable for those who prefer that. 
For anyone looking for a candy that is not over-the-top sweet, give Ramune Soda Candy a shot. It is a nice candy and makes a great snack. Even the container looks like a ramune bottle
This stuff tastes just like Sweettarts.  I recommend it to anyone who can get their hands on it
This is a great "linguisa"!  I usually buy mine from a store a few towns away because they have 'HOT' Chorizo Sausage but these have a really great flavor even though they are not 'hot'.  And they are organic.  The fat content is minimal when microwaving for a fast high protein snack yet it's high enough to use only the meat to coat the pan when adding it to scrambled eggs.  And the price is good too.  Free shipping and handling with a nominal purchase makes this a really good buy.  I highly recommend it
This is the story of two Tazo teas. I found that they almost need one another to produce a tea of exceptional quality. I tried each tea separately and finally blended them together. 
Tazo Lotus and Tazo Wild Sweet Orange make a wonderful lemony hot tea in the winter or enjoy being tossed about with ice cubes in the summer. The way I make this tea is by steeping two Lotus and two Wild Sweet Orange filterbags with 16 ounces of water. Then, you can add 2 tablespoons of orange blossom honey for hot tea and a bit more for ice tea. 
Drinking this blend is an aromatic experience. Lotus Decaffeinated Green tea is a blend of naturally decaffeinated green tea, natural lotus flower flavor and other natural flavors. Wild Sweet Orange is a blend of lemongrass, blackberry leaves, citric acid, rose hips, spearmint leaves, natural flavors, orange peel, safflowers, hibiscus flowers, rose petals, natural orange essence, ginger root and licorice root. 
I love the crinkly sound of the paper bags protecting the precious contents. The boxes are also quite intriguing and the stories on the tea packets are always mysterious and playful. 
A romantic tea with a golden-orange color. I can never decide if I like this best hot or cold, so I end up drinking it hot and cold. Half on ice and half in a mug. When this tea is hot, it is much more romantic and aromatic. When chilled it takes on a more bitter component. 
For something even more exotic, try the Tazo Green Ginger tea. 
~The Rebecca Review
****
Tazo's Lotus Decaffeinated Green Tea is one of my favorite Tazo teas. The lotus flower flavor is pleasant and delightful. This tea is not bitter or harsh in any way. It is one of the most natural-tasting of the Tazo's I've tasted, very subtle, and much less artificial-tasting.
The ingredients in Lotus are: naturally decaffeinated green tea, natural lotus flower flavor and other natural flavors. Of course, this tea is caffeine-free.
Tazo is an interesting company that makes only super premium teas. They are socially responsible, based in Portland, and have the motto, "The Reincarnation of Tea". Tazo is owned by Starbucks. Their web site is fun and quirky, with a Zen-type focus, definitely worth checking out. It is unclear, though, from their web site, how many of their ingredients are organic or kosher, and they do use some "natural flavors" in their teas--this wording seems a little vague for a super premium tea.
On the paper tea packet, Tazo writes, "delightfully subtle green tea with the inner radiance and essence of lotus flower." On their web site, Tazo describes the flavor profile of Lotus as "peach, nutty, flowery, overripe melon. This surprisingly full-flavored yet delicately floral blend is clean and light-bodied, with an aroma reminiscent of freesia." Tazo also describes the aroma as "tropical fruit, green tea". Hmmm...I don't taste all of these various flavors, and I suspect that Tazo really pushes the creative writing limit. I taste green tea, and a nice flowery flavor, which I'm assuming is the lotus, but not the rest---the peach, nuts, melon, freesia, tropical fruit---they're missing from what I can discern here.
I would rate this tea, and Tazo in general, as good---better than premium teas like Stash or Celestial Seasonings---but not as good as Numi. I'm soooooo spoiled by Numi teas, which is why Tazo Lotus gets only four stars.
***
I've seen that they are referred to as licorice with a cream filling.  They kinda have that texture, but not at all that flavor.  Much more like a fruit roll up with a sugary cream inside.  I like them
I agree w/ everything "Anon Y. Mouse" said about this candy! SOO good. So different. It tastes European in that it doesn't overload you with sugar. They are almost delicate and creamy while being slightly (slightly) fruit flavored! It is a nice change from American candy. I found these at a local coffee shop, and will definitely be purchasing them again!
I think I have overlooked Haribo for some reason, but this product is really good. Haribo is based from Germany, but sold in the US too..
Pico Balla is a unique candy, and they are small, so you don't have to commit to eating a king sized piece of candy :) Try these, they are very interesting
Pico-balla is a very subtle candy--and you will find yourself eating a large amount of it if you don't pay too much attention.  The different colors are each differently flavored, and you can eat this chewy treat slowly or quickly.  I like to bite off the outer layer first and then eat the inside, but my wife eats the inside part first.  Just a very different candy from what we are used to--it doesn't taste overly "sugary", won't feel like you are greasing your mouth with fructose, etc...give it a try.  I wish I had bought two boxes.  I wish Amazon offered the Balla-Balla, too.  I can't wait to try that sometime, but I would rather wait until I can get it at a good price.  Amazon's price is about 66% of the World Market price, and even less what online candy stores sell it for.  Take a chance on it. 
I got a back of Pico Balla in Germany a couple of years ago and keep coming back to it! Good stuff. Haribo is the gold-standard for gummi candy and this particular type is really good
The government won't let us get the real thing from Scotland, so this is the next best thing. Doesn't taste like canned Haggis from Scotland but no-one at our Burn's night party knows that
I first picked this tea up in Paris at the Bon Marche department store food halls (Le Grand Epicerie de Paris).  On returning to the states and trying the tea I was most impressed.  Redolent of bergamot and flowers it has an intense aroma and flavor that is well-enhanced with the addition of honey and a little milk. It is now my favorite tea.  Enjoy
The cocoa is of superior quality as is all Dean & Deluca products.
Besides being a very good deal for the price, this item thankfully does not contain lavender, which is not commonly used in French cuisine but is used rather to freshen clothes chests. However, the classic mix of herbes de Provence for cooking usually contains one additional herb: marjoram
Spelt has quickly become a favorite staple for me. These berries are great tasting and easy to work with- not to mention their nutritional value
This Tea gives you the flavor of the Japanese Way of Tea Ceremony.
A beautiful fragrance and taste.
Be sure to prepare it in the traditional way.
Arigato to Maeda-En.  A Great Matcha.
Ron
Good product that's good for you packaged to last forever.  Only way it would be better is if it came with a quarter cup scoop
I had been hearing about steel-cut oatmeal and the benefits of eating it for quite sometime now.  This is my first time ever trying this and I must say that I am extremely impressed. Now, I haven't tried any other brands, but I definitely would recommend this brand. I received my order rather quickly (within a week). The amount of oats I received for the price is amazing.  The 70oz can is huge. The great thing about this product you don't have to use a lot it at one to produce a sizeable meal.  I believe the suggested serving size is 1/4 of a cup uncooked. It may not look like a lot initially before cooking, but after it cooks it swells considerably. Oh yeah, get this... I am a type 2 diabetics and usually foods like foods such as rice, oatmeal and pasta cause my blood sugars to spike.  Thereafter I feel sluggish until my insulin kicks in to regulate my sugar levels (maybe I am telling too much of my personal business..lol). Not with this. I don't know what it is (maybe it's in my mind), but my body seem to process this differently. Try it
The product arrived on time and as advertised.  The oats were nearly as good as McCanns and quite a bit less expensive.  You just have to be careful not to overcook them as they get a little mushy if overdone
Tastes like oatmeal, only chunkier.  I like mine breads and cereals crunchier, so this was right up my alley.  Takes about 25 minutes to cook, but overall, I like it
I got my order quickly despite the holiday rush. These oats are great, I'd use a bigger word to describe how awesome these oats are but I cant remember one. The texture is chewy and it induces prolonged satiety because youre forced to eat slow and savor the full oat flavor. Depending on your recipe and how much you eat, you should be satisfied for a long time after eating a bowl for breakfast. I wonder how the freshness will hold up after theyre opened though because unlike Mc Canns - this can uses a plastic lid with an oxygen absorption packet. We'll see. The price has come down so these oats are an even better buy. Buy Up.
How are these oats compared to Mc Canns
This is the best oatmeal I've ever eaten.  We cook it overnight in a small crockpot.  A quick, hot breakfast the next morning!  You can add things to it for endless variations
I thought this salt tasted pretty good until it occurred to me I go to the bathroom everytime I take a swim
Try them, you'll like them. Yes, it's that simple. :)
These taste slightly different than most gummis, but in a good way
These candies are not your typical kids sour candies...they have exotic flavors and not as tart as the others. 
I am so happy with this purchase.  The order was shipped promptly and even included free samples of tea bags.  The box is beautiful and the tea selection is excellent.  Highly recommend this product for anyone looking for a great gift
I had a difficult time finding the sanding sugar.  There are no stores in my area that carry it.  I was very surprised to find it on Amazon.  The store I bought it from was quick to deliver and I was very pleased with the price of the product.  I received a generous amount and was able to "dust" all my sugar cookies! Thank you
The product was as described.  I just didn't realize that I was ordering from an exclusive chocolate store in New York city!  The candies were $2.50 and the shipping was four times that much! (I had it mailed to a U.S. address, not my address in Brazil,in case you're wondering.
What can I say - The order was fulfilled to my satisfaction. Nothing beyond that needs be said.
Thanks
Joan Kersha
This stuff is great!  Healthier and tastier than any other pasta that I've tried, (except for my mother in laws homemade)
I've been a fan of Dave's sauces for quite awhile now and this product is no exception.  The initial bite into one of these olives is relatively painless.  And then the fun begins.  A slow burning sensation begins to take over until your mouth is wondering, "what did I just do?".  Want some more fun?  Offer some to friends and then stand back to watch the excitement.  While not as heat intensive as his Insanity Sauces, ranking only half-way up his thermometer scale, it's still got a little bit of punch to it with it's five different peppers.  Who would've though olives could be this much fun
My favorite coffee by far.  However, it is a little too expensive for me to drink it regularly. (I drink a lot of coffee
I love this coffee and drink it nearly everyday. It is my way of pampering myself. Although it's rather expensive, Godiva chocolate coffee with milk is something I look forward to drinking in a polka-dotted mug. Somehow the cold winters of New England become more cheerful
my wife wanted me to order this coffee, since she is the coffee drinker in the house. she just loves this coffee.
the company is excellent to deal with. the price was right and they shipped my order extremely fast. I didn't expect to get it that quick.
I highly recommend this company, also, keep up the great work.
Bruc
When friends from far away sent a gift for my grandchild, I found this to be a better, more special thank-you.  I don't know anyone that doesn't love Godiva. When the larger package arrives they have absolutely no clue there's a cooler inside keeping their thank-you flower fresh (and delicious) from the rigorous road trip across country
DELICIOUS, CAN'T TELL THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN REGULAR PASTA AND THIS PRODUCT, EXCEPT I AM LOSING WEIGHT, SO IT MUST NOT BE AFFECTING MY BLOOD SUGAR
We visited the south of France during the summer.  Spent time with our friends who live there.  They made us the most delicious dinner one evening.  Using these bricks...they rolled a ball of mozzarella in thyme, and then rolled a thin slice of prosciutto around the mozzarella ball/thyme.  Then rolled it up in a brick and baked them for about 15 minutes.  I was obsessed with finding these bricks.  I went to gourmet store after gourmet store here to no avail.  Finally, on Amazon, I found them!  Whew.  I didn't want to have to travel all the way back to France to get them! 
Very Yummy Potatoes (and chick peas)...very tasty and not too spicy hot.  I recommend it highly as a side dish or over a dead animal or rice.
So easy to make---boil water, warm in packet under water for about 5 minutes, carefully lift out of water, grip, rip, pour
The Bombay Potatoes are a great way to reduce my intake of meat; especially while dieting.  If you crave a spicy, delicious and different flavor - these are for you!  Love them
Could use more flavor, but otherwise an acceptable piece of instant food. Just cook some rice and pour this on top of the hot rice and your all set. Its got all your protein and carb needs for a meal.
Definitely a quick and easy entree. Authentic (according to my experience) Indian cuisine. But too spicey hot for my taste
Not bad. Very flavorful, good nutrition, low cal, and vegan.  I'd probably puchase it again
What do you think of foodwise when you go camping? well besides the case of beer, you have the dogs and the marshmallows! Nothing like roasting these suckers over an open fire, or just pop them in your mouth from the bad. Soft, and fluffy, these suckers don't get hard and stale as quickly as other brands do. Definately a great product
Hi there! My name is Frank, and Zaggy has allowed me to write and post a product review on his "About Me" area as a Christmas present. I don't care what everybody else says about Zaggy, he's a decent guy!
Today I'm going to review one of my favorite treats: Kraft Jet-Puffed marshmallows! Boy, do these take me back to those misspent days of my foolish youth. I remember those wonderful times when I'd grab a couple bags of these, and play a round or two of "Fat Rabbit" with a few of my visiting cousins. Now what is "Fat Rabbit" ("Chubby Bunny" in some locales), you say? It's a campfire game where you and at least one opponent take turns popping marshmallows into your mouth, one at a time (no chewing or swallowing allowed), trying to say the words "fat rabbit" after each new marshmallow tossed into your gub. The guy who is still able to pronounce "fat rabbit" with the most marshmallows stuffed in his/her cheeks is the winner. 
I usually beat out my less-than-capable opponents back in the day, but my victories came at a high price: my cheeks got stretched out so much, my jowls are now floppier than the ones my grandpa had when he passed away in the convalescent home a few years back. I probably shouldn't have challenged him to that game of "Fat Rabbit" during that last visit...
Bye
This is the best candy I have ever had.  My aunt gave everybody at Christmas this candy in a red box, what a great gift.  It doesn't help my Atkins diet, but I've got to have my chocolate
Out of all of the new flavors of Hershey Kisses hitting the shelves these days the Cherry Cordial flavor is by far the best! My daughter and I both agree. What a pleasant surprise to find them on Amazon! We were able to buy them in the store from before Christmas until Valentine's Day and then they just disappeared. How sad, but glad to see they can be bought online
The taste of these cherry flavored Hershey Kisses is very, very good. My kids also commented on how tasty they were and ate them first out of their Christmas stocking candy. I will definitely buy them again
I bought these for my Dad at Christmas and he just loves the taste.  You can't go wrong with a "Kiss".
I'm really picky when it comes to chocolate covered cherries - I don't care too much for the "dime store" variety - so, I wasn't sure what to expect when my mother handed me a Hershey Cherry Cordial Kiss to try.  But, from the first bite, I was hooked!  They taste exactly like the expensive brands I've come to love - and at a fraction of the price!
If you like chocolate covered cherries you just can't go wrong with this product!  These "kisses" are unbelievably good!!
This product is amazing.  Not only did I get a very good tasting product, but I also got a hand written note AND a free sample of candy made fresh by Das Foods.  I also purchased the Lava Salt with the same reaction.  I would recomend this product to anyone who is looking for one of those different seasonings for their food
This product was an excellent price for a quality product. Shipping was much quicker than expected and came with a hand-written note on the envoice. The holiday shipping did not deter this company from providing first-class service. It would be a pleasure to order from them again
The Red Sea Salt has a earthy flavor; it is slower to dissolve on the tongue.  It is a beautiful, unexpected hue, and surprised and delighted my dinner guests--none had ever tasted it before!  I used a light sprinkling on my endive salad (along with pepper) and it looked exotic and tasted amazing!
I purchased this item as a gift for a monkey lover. I thought this product was awsome, creative, and equally unique from any of the other monkey items I found over the internet. 
So here's the deal, I'm from Omaha, you can't go two miles without an Omaha Steaks Store.  Here we just call em steaks.  I can go to any butcher shop in Omaha and buy steaks that are just as good if not better than anything Omaha Steaks has to offer for considerably less.  This has always been my stance.  That is until I had these, these are quite simply the best steaks.  Yes, they're expensive, but if you're like my family and go out for steaks on birthday's you can actually save quite a bit by buying these instead.  You won't get a better steak in a restaurant, and my uncle's the head chef in a steak house, I could be stabbed just for saying that.  Cooked rare to medium rare you can literally cut them with your fork, they are more tender and have twice the flavor of any filet I've ever had.  I can't stress to you how good these are.  It's still the only steak I buy from Omaha Steaks, but when you come from the land of steaks that's saying a lot.  Sorry Texas, you may have more cows, but Nebraska Beef is simply better
In the midwest, some folks think of this as biscotti, but don't be confused. It is correctly named. It is a toast cookie, so when you dunk it be quick about it! My husbands favorite, and quite tasty, I like the small almond bits and that I can chew it without dunking (not at hard as their biscotti-See my review)
In my experiences with Indian cuisine from patronizing local restaurants owned and operated by native Indian folks, this is quite comparable and the flavors are very similar.  It's nice to be able to open a package of Indian food to eat with some Basmati rice quickly. Recommended.
Some of the flavors are spicy.
This is a delicious basic Thai yellow curry, with some vegetables. It comes with a little pouch of cooked rice to soak up the sauce and balance the meal, but I still found that with this meal, I really crave some chicken or some heartier addition like paneer cheese cubes, nuts, or eggplant. I don't have any Thai places in my area, so I add some chicken and pine nuts to round it out and it really helps that Thai craving. The sauce is delicious and the veggies are crisp
After growing up in Africa, one becomes rather fond of Rooibos tea and I never thought the day would arrive when I would recommend anything but a pure Rooibos tea. Tazo has taken Rooibos tea to a new level by blending African Rooibos (red bush) with hibiscus, lemon myrtle, lemon verbena, orange peel, rosemary, and lemon balm.
Rooibos has quite a distinctive fragrance that reminds me a bit of fragrant flowers waving in a warm afternoon breeze after an African veld fire. I remember mixing in a tablespoon of condensed milk as a child. Now I mix in powdered milk and honey. Honey seems to bring out the rich flavors in this particular tea blend. For some reason, this blend is rather delicious with a toasted and buttered cinnamon/raisin bagel. 
I've recently rediscovered the health benefits of Rooibos although I can truly say I've been drinking this tea for most of my existence on this planet. Rooibos is naturally sweet, very aromatic and is high in magnesium, calcium, iron and copper. Mothers in Africa will often add an infusion of this tea to a bottle of milk for babies to cure colic. An application of cold Rooibos tea can also aid in clearing the skin or is recommended for allergies, indigestion, insomnia and nervous tension. 
This is one of the Tazo teas that should not be steeped for too long because of all the delicate flavors. If you enjoy this tea, you might also want to try Tazo Honeybush tea. 
The Tazo company really has my attention with their packaging, amusing tales of ancient Tazo wheels and they know how to blend tea to absolute perfection. 
~TheRebeccaReview.com
Passion fruit concentrate has become my favorite "secret ingredient"...I use it to make a citrus sauce for halibut steaks (water, sugar, cracked black peppercorns, honey, lemon and orange juice and zest, and passion fruit concentrate)--serve the fish on a bed of arugula, pour the sauce over, garnish with julienne strips of cucumber and slivered almonds, serve alongside jasmine rice, and your guests will feel they've landed in Hawaii...I also add it to Italian Cream Cake, replacing a couple of tablespoons of liquid ingredients with concentrate, and add it to the buttercream frosting as well in place of milk.  I've used this approach to make everything from a three-layer cake decorated with orchids to bite-size mini-cupcakes dusted with orange sugar.  My husband puts it in martinis with pineapple, and I mix it with Hypnotiq for a gorgeous aqua cocktail.  Everyone always wants to know what that exotic flavor is, but I only reveal the secret to my best friends..
I was making a wedding cake and the bride wanted passion fruit mousse between the layers.I said no problem. Then I tried to locate passion fruit puree in my area(Sacramento).Couldn't find it. Thank goodness for The Perfect Puree of Napa Valley. The passion fruit puree came frozen, thawed beautifuly,and tasted fantastic.What a great product
This is a superb product that used to be found on most grocery store shelves.  Sadly, they disappeared from the shelves.  After an extensive internet search for the product, I was able to find them through Amazon.com and Gristede's Supermarket.  I ordered a case and they arrived in perfect shape and just as advertised.  When these are gone, I will certainly use this same procedure to order more
My first and last beverage review.  I am gob smacked by this coffee.  What's that complex flavor?  I don't know but I've never had better and I've tried a lot of brands, gourmet and not so.  Smooth, nutty, winey, woodsy, whatever who cares I love it.  Maybe it's all that caffeine racing through my veins (I'm on my third cup) but I'm about ready to dance and break into song.  A polka would be nice.  Plus the fact that it's dedicated to a cat is extremely sweet.  And they practice social and environmental responsibility with their growers.  Way to go Seattle.  
I have been faithfully buying Omaha Steaks products for years.  In MY grocer's freezer and MY butcher, there is nothing the compares to the taste and quality of these burgers.  You get what you pay for -- this company delivers consistent quality again and again.  
I think other reviewers of Omaha Steaks product don't know how to use their grill. If you follow the step-by-step instructions: PRESTO -- perfect taste every time
this tea while a bit pricey, is excellent. Hint of Jasmine and full aroma make this tea a good choice for a special occasio
The vanilla beans arrived still moist, and plump. They're so much better in appearance than the kinds you can buy at Whole Foods or Wild Oats, which are very dry and shriveled by comparison, not to mention overpriced.
The fragrance is overpowering, and the shipment comes with a nice recipe for creme brulee.  Don't throw away your used vanilla pods!  Save them to flavor your sugar
First of all: WOW. Instant noodles for sale on Amazon? Second, excellent decision on selling Nongshim's Shin Ramen. Nongshim is the market leader in Korean instant noodles, which are epitomized by Shin Ramen's trademark spicyness and deliciosity. Not as filling as the non-cup version (which you have to cook over a stove), this small guy does pack a punch and will keep you satisfied - for three hours until you get hungry for more. Shin Ramen is second only to Sutah Ramen, in my opinion
Man, I've lived all over the world, and while most think that Ramen is a poor college student's meal is missing out.  After a few months of life in Korea, I couldn't get enough of the stuff.  I'm glad to see that it is finally being offered by Amazon.  I now can get a good book and some tasty spicy Ramen.  Life is good
Much better than some of the other coffee gift baskets!  I ordered a gift basket last year for my mom for Christmas that ended up being basically 2 cups worth of coffee and a few mugs - not worth the cost!  This basket contains a little more coffee, as well as some cocoa and cookies.  Ideally, I'd prefer to buy a basket that included a lot more actual coffee - but this one is way better than most I have ordered in the past!  It also comes in a very nice basket - which is great to re-use for making your own gift baskets, or for attractive storage
The original is my favorite, but my wife hates it.
She likes the Green Tea Chai Latte, which I don't care for.
Unfortunately, reviews will be of little help since taste varies but the product is recommended
I hate to use this word, but this product truly is ORGASMIC. It comes out perfect, cup after cup, having a creamy yet zingy taste. The first time I tried it was at Einstein Bros. Bagels (the use the concentrate themselves to create &quot;their&quot; Chai Tea Latte). When I first tried this, I exclaimed to myself, &quot;WOW!!!!&quot;. Any person I have ever served this to was willing to vouch that their tastebuds were in sheer ecstasy.
 Mr. Oregon Chai Tea Latte Concentrate, THANK YOU
This sauce is medium heat for everyday use.  It has an excellent roasted pepper flavor, and there is *NO VINEGAR* to get in the way.  Consequently, you get exactly what one should expect from a pepper sauce...versatility and flavor that does not try to smother the character of the food you season with it.
An every-day sauce should not leave a patina on your tongue.  This is not a boutique novelty, it's a household staple.  The 32 oz. size is the right size for a hot sauce household.
You want good?  Try Tapatio on cottage cheese.  You'll never eat cottage cheese any other way again, I promise.
I use it on just about anything except cereal and ice cream, but my personal favorite applications of Tapatio are:
eggs
potatoes
pizza
anything creole (forget tabasco!)
cottage cheese
most rice
mac cheese
and of course...Mex
In my opinion, this is the best sauce in your local grocery store
I received the Fresh Roast Plus 8 as a 30th birthday present from my parents, which has allowed me to take my coffee snobbery to an entirely new level!  This model has worked admirably in the 2+ months I've had it, roasting one batch at least every two days.  It's not automatic (there isn't a good roaster that is) and you need to carefuly monitor color, aroma, and "cracks" to achieve a consistent roast, but the coffee it produces is balanced, consistent, and far and away better than anything you can buy in the store.
The negatives are that it does feel a mite flimsy:  the glass roasting chamber sits precariously on the fan unit and could easily be knocked off and broken.  Also, it only roasts a few ounces at a time -- perfect if you just want to roast enough for your morning cup, but don't expect to be able to roast half or entire pounds of coffee for gifts.  The smoke is pervasive, so it's helpful to roast the beans under your stovetop exhaust fan, lest you set off the smoke alarm.
Overall, this is an excellent product for the home roaster who's just getting into the world of coffee roasting.  Should the interest take hold a little more, it would be wise to upgrade to a larger capacity table-top drum roaster, or a used commercial machine
I saw the price of this and went WHAT??  Then I looked at the same recipe that I had downloaded from food network.  These became a bargain.  A pound plus of chocolate and a pound of good butter cost a lot more than this package and this gives the promise of almost-instant gratification without having to wash 10 dishes.  I mixed; I licked the spoon and bowl; I baked and went crazy just smelling them; I waited for them to cool; I picked off crumbs and "bits" that increased in size.  I cut off a small portion and gobbled it; I cut off a larger portion and ate it with ice cream; I went to the local bakery and bought dessert for my guests; I hid the brownies (never you mind where--the car trunk is a great spot); I went out and bought two more boxes.  Try them.  They really are the BEST brownies I have ever had and I have to admit to consuming a fair share of brownies in the last 40 years.  You will buy a second box, I promise.  Don't think of it as buying a brownie mix, think heaven in a blue box
If you like them small you won't be disappointed. Tasty though. I would upgrade to the bigger ones
I have always wanted to like greent tea but never been able to.  My sister gave me a cup of this tea at her house and i was completely won over.  It's taste is so smooth with the mild sweetness of jasmine.  My husband and i have successfully quit coffee thanks to this tea
I've used this to produce batch after batch of great sprouts with no issues. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is that the instructions are confusing and contradictory
The Easy Sprouter is a great vertical sprouter. The seeds or beans go into an inner cup with drainage holes. The inner cup sets in the outer cup which catches any dripping water and still allows air circulation around the inner cup on all sides. Maintaining your growing sprouts (for most seed types) means holding the inner cup under running water for at least thirty seconds, allowing excess water to drain off, and setting the inner cup back in the outer cup. Doing this two or three times a day makes sure that the growing sprouts remain fresh enough to avoid spoiling, moist enough not to dry out, but never remaining in standing water. Most seeds need to be pre-soaked initially, and this step can be managed directly in the Easy Sprouter. There are three lids: two lock into place - one with air holes, one without. The third is domed, but doesn't actually lock onto the cup.
By comparison, sprouting in canning jars requires the jar to be filled and emptied several times with each rinsing, and draining sufficiently is not always easy. The Sprout Master, which is another sprouting tray I love, allows similar rinsing, but the seeds must be soaked in a different container and then transfered to the Sprout Master. The Sprout Master allows the growing plants slightly more light because it has width rather than height, but the difference is slight.
I've mostly used my Easy Sprouter for leafy sprout salad mixes (alfalfa, clover, etc...) These varieties take about a week to grow. With the variety of lids the sprouter it is very flexible. I haven't tried to sprout while traveling, but I'm confident that it would work well. It works for storing your grown sprouts in the fridge as advertised, but I usually take them out of the sprouter and break up the clumps before serving and put any left-overs into a different container. I use my Easy Sprouter nearly constantly, along with my Sprout Master mini trays. I currently have a second Easy Sprouter on order
The matcha tea is exactly what i expected.  Extremely green, great flavor.  Keep in mind i'm in no way a matcha expert but from my limited experience with this type of tea (starbucks, etc.) it was great.  Got the product within days of ordering it far before the estimated date of delivery.  Highly recommend this seller
Bought to use in a cheesecake recipe that we've been enjoying for a year now using instant powder subsitutes...this is a reasonably-priced nice-sized sample to use. $5 shipping is a bit goofy for a soft 1-oz. packet of powder, but luckily I had a gift certificate. I look forward to trying different recipes with this. Cheesecake tastes good, a lot earthier/more organic now that we have the real matcha. I think I'll try making iced lattes now. Too bad it didn't come in the cute little round tin that they show it in...that was an appealing package but the resealable soft packet is nice too
I use this powder to make the Jamba Juice equivalent of the Matcha Green Tea Blast. It does a great job in reproducing the taste. I'd recommend this supplier
this product was exactly what I had hoped for as i was coming across recipes that called for matcha powder. It worked perfect and makes an excellent cup of tea (a little goes a long way, i definately feel i got my moneys worth). Try it in panna cotta
It's just like you had in Europe or Latin America, and it they send it pretty quickly. As you probably know if you're ordering it, it's delicious for cooking/coffee uses and slightly nasty for everything else
I am gluten intolerent, or what ever you want to call it.  I get asthma from wheat flour, so I've spent the last 8 years searching for the perfect flour.  I've been using this for years now, I love this stuff.  I use it for cookies, cakes, crepes, pancakes, waffles*, madalines, yorkshire pudding, flouring meats for crispy frying, thickening soups and sauces, etc etc.  The only thing that it hasn't worked for is bisquits.  I think because this flour needs a binding agent, such as eggs or Xantham Gum.  With just the butter the dough after baking falls apart.  flakey and yummy, but a total mess!  
It also tastes kind of bitter raw, but once it's baked or cooked it's exactly the same flavor and texture as wheat flour.  
You can't go wrong with this alternative.  
Go forth confidently and experiment with all your favorite recipes using this wonderful flour!  
I love trying Martha Stewart's cookie recipes, this flour works perfectly for all I've tried.
*Some recipes may require a little extra leavening agent (baking soda or baking powder), such as waffles, madalines and pancakes. 
The chipotle sauce is one my favorite chipotle sauces because of its emphasis on the smokey flavor. It's also sweet, which blends well with the smokiness. I am a fan of the chipotle chile, so I'm glad of their growth in popularity
Bakel's "Pettinice" rolled fondant, imported from New Zealand, is one of the favorite choices for pastry chefs (both amateur & professional) worldwide. It's available in white, ivory, or chocolate, and can be purchased in resealable 15 lb tubs or 5 lb packages.
Fondant can be flavored with small amounts of various flavoring compounds e.g. chocolate & pure extracts. Concentrated food coloring provides you with nearly a limitless spectrum of coloring options. 
The 15 lb. tub should retail around $44.99 (plus shipping), and the 5 lb. package should retail around $16.99 (plus shipping).
Bought an assortment of the Drake's snacks because of them being often mentioned on "King of Queens" and was surprised at how tasty these apple pies were. Just the right balance of fruit and cinnamon. Great late night snack. Buy em
When I first tasted this herbal infusion it seemed I had tasted this flavor before when I lived in Africa. It is much more delicate than a Rooibos tea and has a golden rose color. When blended with a clover honey, it almost has a hint of lemon. 
The Honeybush is a plant that only grows in the high mountains of the Western and Eastern Cape regions of South Africa. I might have first tasted this tea when we visited Cape Town and went to Table Mountain. The plant is harvested during the flowering season. 
Honeybush is naturally sweet, caffeine free and has very little tannin. I still enjoy adding honey to this tea to enhance the natural honey flavor. This mineral rich infusion is rather soothing and can help to calm the nervous system. 
This is technically a wild mountain tea with a hint of aromatic flowers. I only wish I was drinking this tea while visiting Table Mountain. It gets rather chilly up there when you are overlooking the Atlantic Ocean. 
~The Rebecca Revie
Now, I'm all in favor of Hershey's kisses.  But you look at this guy, here, and you kind of have to wonder.  I mean, who buys 25 lbs of individually-packaged chocolate - Count Chocula on a bender?  Perennial Halloween door-answerers preparing for the Apocalypse?  Let's face it, this is the ultimate milk-chocolate-and-tinfoil experience.  I just hope you're ready for it
This is the best gluten free item I have found so far.  This mix makes the best tasting waffles and pancakes, with a great texture - even non-Celiac friends and family like to eat these. Thank you Pamela for making gluten free food taste good
My husband, a non-celiac, eat this pancake mix (to make waffles) all the time.  The recipe calls for egg whites to be beaten until stiff, so it is a bit more work than many other mixes.  But, it is worth it!  The result tastes like *real* waffles.  Kinnikinnick mix also makes good tasting waffles, but the texture isn't as nice
This foie gras is some of the very best we have had.  My parents live in France and they know how we love foie gras, so they order some each year for our anniversary.  This selection is the best by far that we have had state-side.  I have to say that we had lots of foie gras on our visits to France and this stuff can compete!  It was mouth watering and a very generous portion size.  Plan to buy more
GREAT STUFF, BUT KEEP A SUGAR FREE SODA OR LOW CARB BEER HANDY, BECAUSE YOU WILL NEED 'EM!
I just got my first tin today -- and I say &quot;first,&quot; because I know there will be many,  many more in my future! These cheese straws are just divine -- delicious, savory, great texture. You really feel like you're eating a batch of &quot;fully loaded&quot; premium cheese straws. Having started on the Atkins plan, I've been looking high and low for something that actually tastes good that satisfies that craving for a &quot;munchie.&quot; This has been a super find! (My other super find, also available on Amazon, is Ross chocolates...super-low-carb and amazingly delicious.) And I'm still trying to pick my jaw up from off the floor at the idea of these things being absolutely NO carb
The cookies are great. We've been eating them for about 7 years. Cannot find them in our local stores all the time. Thank
I haven't been able to find this product in my local grocery stores, when I found it online through Amazon I was delighted. I ordered 10 packages, they are all gone, I love them, especially to dunk in my morning coffee. If you haven't ever tried them, do so, you will love them
What a great cookie you have! Perfect w/ coffee, milk or alone. Not too sweet, light and airy. One of my favorite
Stella D'ora breakfast treats. Patton Oswallt loves 'em, and so do I
This is one of my faves of the Vosges line. The flavors are interstingly good and make it worth the price tag for a personal indulgence or fun gift.
I heard how good the Haribo brand was and decided to give it a try.  Amazon was out of stock of the regular gummi bears, and I didn't want to wait so these looked like the next best thing.  Now I am hooked and plan on buying more when my 5 lb bag runs out
Haribo makes the best gummys and these are slightly different from the standard flavors. Nice and big for a satisfying mouth feel too
I originally bought this small container of fleur de sel for a fish recipe I found that said it was "de rigeur", however I thought it was like any other salt simply grainier.  Of course, I only added a little bit of salt after I had grilled my fish and did not think it would add much to the dish.  Can you imagine my surprise when I tasted the fish, only to have a veritable bouquet of flavour explode in my mouth.  I must say that I'm never going to use commercial salt on my food anymore.  Now I understand why the great chefs of the past and present consider this the queen of all salts..
I am new to the world of gourmet salts--and this jar of flakey white granules has been in great demand in my house since we received a few weeks ago!  The granules are the size of the salt on a hot pretzel--but that is where the similiarities end.  The salt dissolves instantly on the tongue; it has no bitter or cloying aftertaste.  The jar suggests it be used  on grilled fish and salads, but I would reccomend it in lieu of table salt also. 
Okay, 10$ for a potholder? Yeah, seems like a lot but you will never be sorry for this purchase...better yet, give them as a hostess gift and you WILL be the talk of the party! I have used my and searched for them like a remote control! Trust me, it's the best gift, given or received
These are not the shriveled scrawny beans you find in a jar in the grocery store.  They are amazing.  Don't tell JR - but he isn't charging enough!
These beans were really fresh and lower cost than other suppliers.  The beans were shipped free and promptly
I bought seven beans for seven dollars, and was a bit unimpressed with the aromatic quality. They didn't have that strong complex aroma right out of the bag that bourbon beans are known for. That is not to say that the inside of the bean isn't aromatic. After all, it's the guts that really count. Even though these beans don't seem to be as aromatic as other beans, this is still a KILLER DEAL!!! I recently purchased one bean from a popular brand "Spice Islands" for seven dollars. An unbelievably aromatic bean, but seven times the cost of these beans!?!?!? I think I'll just buy these and use twice as many as the higher quality beans. I'm still making away like a bandit
First order arrived damaged by the U.S. Post Office.
Order was promptly replaced at no charge.
Fast shipping to San Francisco
Delicious plump fragrant beans.  Excellent product.  Excellent customer service. 
I bought these and the greatest thing besides the awesome price and the fabulous beans is that the VP or CEO or some such lovely gentleman actually emailed me and thanked me for my purchase and when I responded, followed up again with a nice response! How nice is that in this day and age! 
I used these beans in my home made eggnog this year and it was out of this world. I first scraped the bean and then threw the pod in and left it there till the nog was gone. (not long)
I also use one when I make my hot chocolate "syrup" (Lots of bittersweet chips, melted in milk and a little haff and half and the bean scraped and the pod - once again left in - I mske hot chocolate out of it by adding more milk to taste and a little bitty bit of brandy...decadent...oh my yes!)
This is a great buy, great beans, great company! Buy with assurance!
I was very pleased with my order of vanilla beans.
The beans were soft and smelled wonderful.
I will order this product again
I can't say enough good things about JR Mushrooms. These are top-quality chef inspired vanilla beans. I got them primaraily for my creme brulee.
Another plus was the free shipping which really helps a struggling young chef like myself. The only slight dissappointment was that there was no "Best Creme Brulee" recipe enclosed. No problem for me as I've memorized the procedure.
I can say this: You won't be dissappointed by this product. Use it in whatever calls for vanilla, even ice cream
I love this salt. It tastes fantastic; I even find myself putting it on things I normally wouldn't salt. I've gotten my husband to buy me more of the sea salts, they are all equally delicious
First off, the company sent me a HANDWRITTEN thank you note. When do you see that in the age of computer print outs. I thought it was an extra touch as far as customer service. I will be returning to this company again.
The flavor is OMG. My best friend is Hawaii so I often use the red Hawaiian salt, this BEATS its. It has a subtle but GREAT flavor. I will buy again
This package is a great way to try a few different types of candies. The choclate marbles are like m+ms, and the jellybeans are, well, jellybeans. The candy that makes this set stand out is the yogurt candy. It's the white one. I never knew it was supposed to be yogurt flavored, but it makes sense now...It's tangy and sweet and AWESOME! I buy these sets just for the yogurt candies when I go to the Asian market. They're grrrrrrrrrrrreat
When I buy produce, I expect the farmer to do all the work required to make the product palatable.  For tomatoes, removing the vine is key and must be done.  Amazon should reduce the price for all the time and effort the purchaser must spend on vine removal
Most fruits and vegetables begin to lose a large percentage of their nutritional value minutes after they are plucked from their respective vines or branches. There is a synergy of some compounds that have a very short half-life after being removed from their home plant. When the vine is still attached (and stilly green and healthy, not withered and brittle), nutrition from the plant is still being pumped into the tomato, keeping it firm, bright, crisp and yummy - and more nutritious
Sure, it's not 100% pure vanilla extract.  That's indicated quite clearly in the ingredients.  Molina vanilla is made with a mixture of pure vanilla extract and synthetic vanillin.  Personally I love its strong distinctive flavor, regardless of what percentage pure vanilla extract it is.  For those who feel it's too strong, use half the amount listed in the recipe.  I know a couple of people who do this when using Molina Vanilla.  Again, I like the flavor, so I use the full amount called for in the recipe.  This stuff has a great flavor that really kicks things up a notch
A friend brought me a large bottle back from his trip to Mexico.  I threw out all the other store bought vanilla bottles I had.  They do not compare to this one.  It has a strong, rich flavor.  I add to it everything I can.  My chocolate chip cookies and french toast could not be complete without Molina Vanilla
Had be searching for a source for vanilla with the unique taste.  This is a good value especially since it saves you the airfare.  The only thing missing is bargaining with the vendor.
These are really good, just like in the UK.
You'd think they were caviar from the pricing, though
These crackers are absolutely delicious, whether you need to be eating gluten free or not...I can't get
enough of them.  My favorite flavors are the plain and the herb flavored. These crackers are thin and
crunchy and are just hard enough to be able to stick one in a jar of peanut butter and scoop a serving
onto the cracker. I love them alone. I love them with tuna fish. I've used them for dipping salsa and
guacamole but when I see them all disappearing quickly, I hope I haven't used up my last box.  Being
I AM gluten intolerant, this cracker has been a surprising lifesaver when I'm craving something crunchy
and flavorful
A friend introduced me to this coffee and I am addicted.  I am an avid coffee drinker and this is the best coffee ever.  I have never been a morning person but this coffee is now the highlight of my morning. I look forward to getting up. The coffee flavor was not in any way noticable chocolate to me but very sutle.  I love this coffee
The only refined sugar in this brownie mix is in the chocolate chips; otherwise, it's naturally sweetened. And it's easier to put together than are the mundane supermarket brands: add one egg, butter or oil (or applesauce, if you're an oil-free person), and a little water. Throw it in a 350-degree oven for 20 minutes. That's it.
I'm an active home cook and a rather intense one (we make our own vanilla, roast our own coffee beans), so it's no surprise that I'd say the results aren't as good as homemade. But they are _very_ good. And I could put the mix together between innings while watching a baseball game. How's _that_ for easy?
I'll be making this mix again
I have been enjoying this mix for quite some time. It is a great gluten-free way to satisfy chocolate cravings.  Although the brownies can be a bit on the chewy side,I would highly recommend making the cookie recipe shown on the bag.  It makes really great chocolate cookies, definitely the best gluten-free ones that I have come across in a mix so far. I have even passed these off at holiday parties as regular chocolate cookies and my guests loved them.
I started drinking the Bull in earnest in Ramadi.  I was on the Quick Reaction Force and would get a startled awakening at 0'dark-thirty and have to drive a HMMV at 65+mph in the dark with night vision glasses.  Slurping a Red Bull on the way to the gate seemed to help me wake up and get a grip on the mission.  It also made me wanna pee :
Red Bull used to be my favorite drink, as I would not go 24 hours without drinking an entire can. That era has ended simply because I was beginning to get sick of paying over $2.00 for one can. I know several distributors who offer the product for $1.50, but I seldomly stock up on the stuff and end up paying the $2.00 for a can plus 8% tax, which comes out to $2.15 a can. Which is fine with me until you realize that you are spending over 700 dollars a year at this rate. It never stopped me before and I always felt that it was worth it, considering the drink helps me focus in college each morning. However, I recently noticed that on days when I was not in school and I drank a Red Bull, rather than being full of energy and ready to jog, I would become tired. I began to wonder why I would get tired after drinking a can of Red Bull. Maybe my inner body was saying, "stop drinking this **** every freaking day of your life!" Whatever the case is, I decided to stop buying it on a daily basis and just drink it when I have to wake up very early. Hopefully this can make it become effective on my body again, because I think I may have overdone it, considering I have probably consumed well over 1000 cans in my life. 
I personally enjoy drinking a cold can of Red Bull. Set aside the energy factor. While many people (actually everyone I know) says it is sick and makes them gag, I kinda like that cough droppy taste that is offered in a can of Red Bull. I find Red Bull to be a conversation starter for myself - kinda like smoker talk. I love to sip from my can of Red Bull and discuss the weather or some other exciting news with my peers. While I have tried so many other energy drinks, I can say that I do hate all of them. There has never been an energy drink that I enjoyed other than Red Bull. I guess I just like the Austrian people so much (and the fact that a can of Red Bull is vegan!) On the other hand, it is full of man-made chemicals that might do some weird things to me in the future - only time will tell
I've tried quite a few of the tasty bite products and this one is the BEST! What I do with this is mix it with rice. One pouch will typically give me 2 meals...Putting in the fridge the other half for later that day or next day.
This is one of my favorite Tasty Bite entr�es. It is spicy hot, but not at all too hot, with a noticeable "curry" flavor. The addition of the cashews makes for a nice flavor note (although I could do without the whole chile pod). I take mine in a mug with a pat of butter floating on top for a just-before-bed stomach warmer, but you could easily pour it over rice for a quick, easy, and tasty lunch, far more nutritious than a bowl of instant noodles. By the way, the combination of pur�ed greens and green peas is a terrific idea. I'd give this five stars if the peas weren't a little too redolent of the can. And, with the free shipping, this is a terrific price.
I love Indian food, but my son (7) is not always as keen on it as I am. We're vegetarian and tried other Tasty Bite dishes before, but none went well until I found Agra Peas and Jodhpur Lentils. My son wasn't sure about the green-ness, but after explaining it's just green peas with sauce and coaxing him to try it, he now ASKS for this all this time - really! I think these are a little milder in the "exotic" flavors and not as hot spicy. I suggest these as good choices for first time eaters of Indian food. And I love how easy it is to warm up. 
[...
Nicely seasoned, creamy texture.  Served over rice, one packet makes a generous meal for one, or would serve two with something on the side.
Cooked simply by boiling the packet in a pot of water until hot -- one of relatively few prepared food options where the microwave directions actually require more cleanup than the stovetop option.
Makes a good option for backpacking, too, assuming the weight is acceptable.  Requires no refrigeration and edible out of the packet with a spoon, cold if necessary
I ordered 4 pounds of rye berries and they were very satisfactory.Shipment arrived promptly and with no comlications.
Great product!
Tastes just like the red curries you get at a Thai Restaurant.  Add more or less depending on your spice level.  Not salty at all.  Flavor is great.  Mix with some vegetables, tofu, and coconut milk to make an amazing Thai meal at home
EVEN IF YOUR NOT ON LOW CARB, CONSIDER THIS.  HAVE YOU EVER FELT SLEEPY AFTER EATING A HIGH CARB MEAL?  MY HUSBAND IS NOT OVERWEIGHT YET PREFERS THIS PASTA BECAUSE HE STATES DOES NOT FEEL SLUGGISH AFTER EATING IT.  HONESTLY CAN'T TELL THE DIFFERENCE EXCEPT IN HOW YOU FEEL AFTER.  GREAT PRODUCT. HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT EVEN IF YOU ARE NOT WATCHING YOUR WEIGHT
I love this product.. But when I got the Lasagna noodles, they were broke in to pieces.... Shipping is very hard on them.. I will not order them again..I don't think there is to much you can do about this problem.. 
Christin
I am a diabetic and I can not eat regular pastas made from refined white flour. They boost my sugar up to high because of all the carbs. Dream fields  low carb pasta s has allow me to make and eat pasta again.
They also taste no different than regular pasta . This is a great product 
with great taste and low carbs
IN A NUTSHELL: FAST - IDIOT PROOF - MADE FOR ON THE GO - 5 CALORIES
This is really a very handy way to have a refreshing drink ready to go when water is just too bland, by itself.
Just open the packet, empty the contents into a bottle of water [how much H2O according to your taste] and shake it up. Viola -- refreshment in an instant. Or, you can put the bottle [plastic] in the freezer and have an ice-cold lemonade later.
WHAT IT IS ALL ABOUT --
'Crystal Light On The Go Packets Lemonade, Drink Mix' tastes great, has very few calories, is an ideal carbonated beverage alternative and most of all --- IT'S EZ TO MAKE ON THE GO - FAST. It's also rather reasonably priced.
MY ONLY RESERVATION -- ASPARTAME
Some people do have bad reactions to aspartame but most people know, by now, whether or not it affects them adversely. I would rather have 'Splenda' as the sweetener, but maybe that will be available soon.
Through Kraft, there is a neat website which contains nutritional and other info about Crystal Light -  [http://www.kraftfoods.com/CRYSTALLIGHT/]
[I AM NOT AFFILIATED WITH ANY PRODUCT OR COMPANY]
I like water, but I still like these packets. All you do is put the mix in shake it up, and it's lemonade. It's like magic. They are perfect for anywhere, and they taste good too. They are great for traveling. I absoulutley love them
As someone who absolutely hates water, Crystal Light was a life saver for me.  Now that they make it in little packets 'to go,' I can put several in my purse when I go on business trips or vacation and feel good about buying bottled water.  I'm doing what doctors suggest we all do - drink lots of water - yet doing it with something that makes it taste good!
The only complaint I have - if you can call it a complaint - is that they haven't come out with Kiwi-Strawberry in the individual packets yet.  That is, by far, my favorite flavor.  Lemonade comes in a close second.
I highly recommend this product.
~ Leanne Burroughs, Author of HIGHLAND WISHES and HER HIGHLAND ROGUE
Ordered for Christmas and it came very quickly.  Was a great gift to give with very quality items in the basket
I first tried these in South Africa. Now my best friend will ship some to me with packages that she sends on my birthday or other special occasions. I LOVE them! I want to have them here in the States!!!
My Australian exchange student introduced these magnificant chocolate bars to me in January, and have loved them ever since!!! I don't know why they aren't sold in the USA, I've looked everywhere and have yet to find them! I bought some recently in Canada, and before that, relied on my Aussie exchange student to send them over. Crunchies are the BEST thing that has ever happened to the chocolate industry!!! The taste is undescribable, they melt in your mouth and are just SUPER SUPER GOOD! TRY ONE!
&lt;
Okay... this is one of those foods that I never guessed that I'd be making so often.  As a college student, sure.  Maybe a box once and a while as a young married couple.  But as a new mom my motto was "my child won't be eating...".  [Actually you could fill in a number of items into that space.]
And yet, I find myself the purveyor of many, many meals that involve noodles and cheese.  Once in awhile these may be whole wheat organic noodles, but more often than not it is one of the few foods my stubborn toddler-now preschooler will eat:  Kraft Macaroni and Cheese.
Pros
--Lets face it the biggest pro is that testy tikes will eat it.  Let's call it "Tasty" then.
--The meal is quick and has 9 grams of protein per serving.
--It has no transfats unless YOU add them.
--Provides 10% of Adult Iron requirements-which translates as an even higher percentage for children.
Cons
--Cost a buck per box on Amazon.
--Since wheat flour is `processed' doesn't have a lot of fiber (1 gram).
--Processed flour probably means higher glycemic index (though that should be moderated by the addition of oil/butter and milk.
--Lots of sodium (740 mg).
--Lots of calories (380 prepared per  adult serving) which is not necessarily bad if you are trying to fill up a toddler.
Four Stars.  My greatest wish would be for an organic, whole wheat with flax Kraft Mac & Cheese, but until that day comes I am happy that Kraft makes a tasty, affordable, meal in a box that children will eat.  Just add veg and you are ready to go
I love these cookies, especially the chocolate chip.  They are great for a snack and can be quite addicting.  They are made from all-natural ingredients and whole wheat flour.  The cookies are crispy small animal shapes with a few chocolate chips, and not too sweet.  I do wish the cookies had more chocolate chips, but besides that, I can't get enough of these cookies
LISTEN UP, GUYS! I CHEW THIS GUM ALL THE TIME! EVEN WHEN I'M SLEEPING I'M STILL CHEWING THIS GUM, THAT'S JUST HOW GREAT IT IS! WHO CARES IF IT GETS MY HAIR, IT SMELLS NICE AND MAKES A NICE HOUSE FOR ALL THE CATS IN MY HOUSE! TRUST ME, CHEW THIS GUM AND YOU'LL LIVE FOREVER AND YOU'LL WIN FREE FOOD AT KFC FOREVER
I'm a sucker for underdogs, the quiet achievers who never get their due. Sutah Ramen is overshadowed by the market dominance of Nongshim's Shin Ramen, but in my book, there is no equal. Sutah has (slightly) thicker noodles, more sophisticated spicyness, and a richer soup than Shin Ramen. While you can't go wrong with Shin (except for the massive dosage of MSGs found in all instant food, especially ramen), an spiritual experience awaits with Sutah
I love garlic and have never found a great combination that has few calories and sodium. I put it on everything.
I have been buying this stuff since the wholesale club had opened in my town seven years ago.  I was horrified this past Thanksgiving to find out they no longer carried it.  I tried to improvise with garlic powder and Italian seasoning, but my homemade ravioli were not nearly as good as they had been in the past.  I can't say enough great things about this stuff.  I use it to season burgers, steak, to spread over chicken with a little olive oil before baking and grilling and in all of my stuffed pasta dishes.  It's not just great, it's AMAZING!!
I've been wanting this for a while now, and I finally bought it.  It looks amazing in my kitchen - modern and classic, all at the same time - and the awesome smell as I was taking it out of the package - it made me want to cook dinner!  This is a great gift for anyone
These guys are definately the best and its easy to see why with thier customer service. They worked with me to make sure that my beautiful truffles arrived perfect to the person I was sending them to (in Florida which is a hard place to ship chocolate to!).
THANKS!!!!
I will be reording again seen :)
Wes
The best experience for this tea is at the actual Pike Place Market where they brew it so you can sample it in their charming little store past the flying fish and florist.  It is also really great to have any other time in your life and to share with everyone you meet.  Since every grocery store doesn't stock this wonderful tea you will have to order it and stock your kitchen/office/cabin/whatever with it and enjoy
The flavor of this tea is fantastic!  I received some as a gift from Seattle directly and had to find out how to get some more.  Thanks to Amazon for carrying this product
Seattle Marketspice tea has been my favorite since I was a student at University of Washington in 1968.  It is spicy/sweeet with no sugar.  Great hot or iced.  I was so happy to find that I can order in on Amazon
I have odered this Tea over the internet for years but this is this the first time from this provider. The service was a 5 also.
Thank you
Dian
i am very pleased with the quality of this product..the only spice which i found can be used for all the recipies .i tried it for simple vegetables to nice complex meat dishes and even sweets like ice cream and it worked great .it a nice and balanced blend and saves u the time for blending different spices so just use this into any of the indian recipies and enjoy
This spice is impossible to find at a local market. I was so happy to find it on line. It arrived quickly and was fresh and authentic. I will certainly order again!
Speaking as someone who has to watch her carb intake carefully, I was not keen on trying yet another item that claimed to be low-carb and good-tasting.  So often the two do not go together, especially when dealing with the traditional, more "carby" foods such as pasta, bread, rice, etc.
Dreamfields is a happy exception.  This is not to say you can cook up a whole box and eat it all at once (those who have to watch carb intake will still need to do some portion control), but you can actually have a large scoop of delicious hot pasta alone or in your culinary creations and not blow your carb allowance.  And this is not some flimsy, dissolving, cardboard-tasting pasta; it cooks up hearty and substantial.  When you eat it, it fills up that "I am so hungry for carbs, I could eat a ton of potatoes" need.  Satisfying, delicious, filling, and easier on the insulin levels than regular pasta.  I love it! 
I could not remember the name/source of our previous Petit Fours so I ordered them from Wisconsin Cheeseman because I had never had a problem with previous orders from this company.  The order was delivered on time.  These Petit Fours were more moist and flavorful than those from our previous source.  Everyone who received them as gifts commented on them.
New to Thai cuisine, I asked to try a milder curry, my tastes running to a maximum of medium heat. Yellow curry was recommended, and the coconut milk based Thai version was a treat with both seafood and chicken-something I've had occasion to order again and again.
So when trying to re-create the taste sensations above, I was less than thrilled at the idea of grinding individual spices, purchasing a number of pricey ingredients with limited shelf life and narrow applications.
I did some research and found that many Thai housewives rely on the time and labor savings of using high quality curry pastes as the basis for soups, curries and more. Mae Ploy was one of the brands repeatly mentioned as high quality and fresh tasting.
This brand comes in a handful of flavors and heat levels, with the Yellow Curry Paste being the first I was eager to try. It has a shelf life of 2 years, and the large plastic pouch also keeps very well nestled in its own colorful tub in the refrigerator.
The flavors of lemon grass, shallot, gingery galanga, kaffir lime peel, warm spices and red chili are very well balanced. This is the only Mae Ploy Curry paste without shrimp paste, making it vegan-suitable as well as delicious with shellfish, fish or fowl.
I like to snip off one corner of the clear packet, then squeeze out just the amount I need-anywhere from 1/2 teaspoon to 2 Tablespoons, depending on the recipe. This helps to maintain freshness and flavor and avoid waste.
For Thai curry, I will combine the Yellow Curry Paste with a small amount of chicken broth, then add 3/4 Cup more broth per person, plus a can of coconut milk to mellow and round the flavor. A cup or two of chunked seafood or chicken, plus cubed potatoes and onion-simmered together for about 30 minutes- makes a very satisfying dish to serve with either traditional sticky rice or more the more occidental long grain variety. 
Mae Ploy's Thai Yellow Curry is also delicious with just a bit added to your favorite dip, salad dressing, or try a teaspoonful combined with 1 cup of sour cream or plain yogurt 'painted' over your favorite fish fillets and baked just until cooked through, (about 15-20 minutes at 325).
The fine quality of this product has encouraged me to order another flavorful curry paste-also excellent-and I would highly recommend this product for those wishing to re-create favorite restaurant fare at a reasonal price, without tedious preparation
I took a gamble and bought food over the internet, and it tastes great
My boyfriend just found out the hard way that he has a wheat gluten allergy. I've tried experimenting with different non wheat fours, but they're expensive and don't turn out very well.  (And I'm a good cook!) He especially misses shortbread and butter cookies, so we were thrilled to see these in a local market!  They're a little different, but they're good! This is coming from someone who hates store bought cookies.  I'd pick these over most wheat flour cookies any day
I love Earthbound mini carrots.  They taste sweet and you don't find dried out pieces in bag like in some other companies.   I eat them out of the bag as a snack.   I boil these and mash them with potatoes and use the water in soups and various dishes.
On the downside mini carrots which are young carrots are abruptly pulled out of the ground by their hair.  The carrots' skin is then peeled off and stuffed in a plastic bag while still living.   Then they are eaten alive or boiled alive.   AND THE'RE BABIES!!!  Yes, little carrots are babies and we eat them.  It's cruel world if your a carrot
These taste like "real" carrots, and not the things that have been sprayed with who knows what and grown wherever.  I buy these all the time since they never seem to last long in our house.  They are particularly nice dipped in ranch dressing with bacon bits, and just have a sweeter flavor.  When kids are grabbing them all the time instead of cookies, well, then I guess that's all you can say!  Highly recommend
Why are these carrots earthbound? Can they not transcend this world? If we all join together we can liberate these carrots
Tired of dulling your carrot-peeler?  These carrots are already peeled for you!  
Are normal carrots too big for you?  Well...these are mini-carrots, perfect for that mini-person that can't handle an entire carrot.
Sick of pesticide-tainted carrots?  These are organic.
What more could you want
My children really love these little carrots, and they eat them all the time.  In fact --true story-- we were at the park one day and I was handing out cookies and my daughter (then 4) turned to me and said, "Ahh, mom, don't you have any carrots".  [I thought the other moms would burst. ;-)]
Four stars.  Somewhat pricey but since my children eat them, I don't complain.  The ones we get here are sweet.  I love that they are organic, since carrots, like celery, can absorb alot of chemicals
I have been purchasing these mushrooms for years by driving to specialty stores in either NYC or Philadelphia.  Even including shipping, this is the best price I have ever seen on these mushrooms! I even received an e-mail telling me shipping may be delayed due to Hurricane Wilma, But still got the product in less than a week! I paid more than double this in a famous Philadelphia cheese shop, and the quality wasn't as good as this! I will definitely be doing more business with this company!
Absolutely excellent! I use Procini's all the time. The quality of these are first rate. In addition, the quantity of these are such that the value is high...no more will I buy little bags in the grocery store
I'm so glad I can now get this at Amazon.  Living in Idaho this is not something readily available to me
This product is great. Its much easier to get in Canada that's why I ordered it online since I am now living in the US.  However after the fact - I did find it available at Cost Plus World Market.  Next time I will pay attention to the volume of the product. The picture is not the right one. This Double size is really waay to much for my use.  I think I now have a lifetime supply.  
Using custard powder is way better in homemade nanaimo bars than using vanilla pudding mixes.
This is Haribo Gummi candy--the original.  I love all of their products, but this one is especially good.  I have ordered it twice and will again.  If you a gummi bear fan, you will really love this
These cherries are awesome, my whole family loves them. We lived in Germany for 3 years and to find a place state side to order these from is great we order alot of them beucase they sure go fast
I use MarketSpice Loose Tea to put inside sachet's which are then stashed and hung around the house from November through Febuary. The tea gives off a fabulous aroma all fall and winter long
As a classic Seattle tea, this tea brings back memories of hiding away from the rainy weather sipping a delicious naturally sweet cinnamon citrus tea. When I drink this tea, I am home again. This tea has a unique personality that seems to embody the entire mood of Seattle in one cup. 
This is a delicious tea that should be brewed for at least 5 minutes to bring out all the flavors. You can sweeten this more if you like with Stevia or a natural sugar to enhance the natural sweetness. It is good with a touch of Muscovado Sugar from India Tree or the RIEME French vanilla syrup.
When I'm writing reviews and I get sleepy, this tea
wakes me up.  
~The Rebecca Review
It started 31 years ago...when my in laws, from Washington came for a visit (to California), bearing gifts.  A wonderful treat called Market Spice Tea.  We added a tablespoon of it to our pot of brewing coffee and haven't stopped yet, 31 years later.
I'm just thrilled we can do it online, now.
Yeah, Market Spice! and Yeah, Amazon...for bringing it to us!
(We're in Missouri now, and are spreading it across the nation, as we go)
Your #1 fan!
Melody Arnold
Wentworth, M
There are an awful lot of recipes for chili. Many winning recipes from the International Chili Society use Gebhardt's as a base. In my kitchen, it is an excellent start to a good bowl of red. I have used this chili mix several times and always end up with good chili.
This mix supplies no thickener, no salt, and no heat. These you must add yourself, which is a good thing; you can really customize to your liking. This my preference per pound of meat: 1 tablespoon of Gebhardt's, 1/2 teaspoon of salt, 1/4 teaspoon of cayenne, and no thickener. I also find that this mix needs (per # of meat): 2 cloves of garlic, 1 teaspoon tomato paste, 1 teaspoon of cumin seed, 1 teaspoon of MEXICAN (not greek) oregano. 
I have always enjoyed chili made with this mix, and highly recommend it as a standard ingredient on your shelf. A fabulous way to prepare a whole pot of meat for those summer events.
Great unique flavor !!  Not hot at all.  I add my own peppers for the heat, but if you want great tasting chili, use Gebhardts.  I usually use an entire 3 oz. bottle of powder with every pot of chili I make.  My neighbors love when I give them my extras when I make my big pot of chili
I think this is the best chocolate I have ever tasted. Every time I go to a grocery store, I see to that I get it. It tastes heavenly and makes you go for it again and again. I would even give it more than 5 stars.
These are the greatest things in the world.  At the prices on Amazon you can't loose.  Definatly a good buy
It tastes like cornbread but it is still good. However, the shipper took 1 month to deliver the product! okay if you don't mind waiting for a ridiculous amount of time
Never had biscotti before.  What a treat. Since then, I've tried other biscotti and this was the best
I bought this for my mother and when she opened it she absolutely loved the mug.  But, she really loved it when she made her first cup of hot chocolate.  She called me raving about how good Godiva hot chocolate was and how she's been spoiled and won't want to drink any other brand. It is delicious and the mug was large and well made and beautiful
I received one of these Bavaria Hams as a gift from a well-meaning, Glazed Ham loving, though non-cooking friend. So, being the nice person that I am, I invited he and some friends over for some Ham, Asparagus and a big pile of Yukon Gold Potato salad. And since it was hotter than blazes inside, I decided to heat the Ham and roast the asparagus and potatoes on the BBQ. 
I slathered the Ham with my secret BBQ sauce, placed it on the cooler side of the Grill and about 2 hours later we were all sitting down on the patio with a big, hot, delicious, BBQ'd Ham staring us in the face.
The French Rose' was poured, the Meal was consumed and a good time was had by all
The pouch is vacuum sealed and holds about 100gms of delicate, deep-emerald, leaves. I use about a tsp for a 12-16oz cup. It is very important to avoid using boiling water if you want to get the full benefits and flavor of this tea. Water at a rolling boil will overcook the tea and you will notice that the tea quickly turns brown in the cup. If you adhere to directions and use water at 80 deg. C., you will be left with a wonderful cup of GREEN tea that stays green. I absolutely love the fresh, grassy flavor of this tea and it is a wonderful pick-me-up. The first sip of this tea leaves a distinctly sweet note on the tongue even though there is no actual sugar in the tea! I have spent hundreds on different teas, but I keep returning to this one as my staple
This tea tastes great, and it gives a nicely conceived fresh looking feel.
I purchase 2 small packages, but I sure will get more
I bought this at the local Asian market and was instantly mesmerized by its freshness, seaweedy taste, and subtle energy boost.  I couldn't get enough of it- I drank 6-8 cups a day for a month.  It's just a great complement to anything that you've eaten.  I bought the Sencha Special Grade from Upton Tea, thinking it must be better than this since it's twice as expensive, but the Yamamotoyama is a shade better for my taste.  I can never go back to tea bags, especially tasteless brands like Celestial Seasonings or Bigelows.  I don't mind some black tea bags, but not the fannings they use in green tea bags.  Green tea has got to be one of the best things in life
These cookes are so good.  I have tried many that look similar, but none are as good as these, too bad most stores have stopped carrying them
We are always thrilled with the quality of Stella D'Oro cookies. They do indeed deserve the "gold star." These are shortcake cookies, very rich, with a fudge center. They are quite sweet and great for a tea table or served with a cup of strong espresso. This is the kind of cookie to pull out for top-notch guests and for dainty occasions like neighbors over for coffee, tea parties and after dinner sweets
These have been my favorite cookies for over 20 years now, both in New York & California.  I just love the shortbread and the fudgy center and have never found another cookie that even compares.
Recently I moved to the Southeast, tho, and panicked when I couldn't find any Stella D'oro cookies anywhere! I'm so happy to find them here at Amazon, where I'm a regular shopper anyway; now I can add them to my order everytime I buy something!
These cookies are so addictive and there is no lack of fudge on them which that is a plus. Other brand of their "swiss fudge cookies" is not as perfect as they believe it is. The outside of the cookie does not blend well with the little bit of fudge they put on it.  Keep making this wonderful cookie and I hope the stores will stock them again
Stella D'ora fudge cookies were the best dessert I could find in my lunchbox growing up. Its crisp cookie with fudgie middle was perfect with milk or hot tea. Many times I would eat the cookie part and save the fudge center for last to test my patience because there was nothing like eating that chocolate. Stella D'ora was a brand common in NYC grocery stores (and throughout NJ), so everytime I would visit relatives there I would buy the breakfast cookies, annisettes, and the fudge cookies. I have seen the breadsticks in NC but nothing else so its so nice to find that Amazon has them.
 Stela D'ora always seemed so refined since they were Italian and for adults who liked a little treat with their coffee or cappucinos. My father used to dunk his cookies in coffee and they would become warm and gooey, while I preferred them crisp with milk. Either way, try a package of this and some other biscuits. They really are unbelievably good.
These cookies are amazing.  I challenge anyone to find a finer packaged cookie than Stella D'oro's Swiss Fudge Cookies.  They aren't overly sweet, but they are incredibly flavorful.  I don't think these are distributed in the Midwest/South (I've never seen them), so it's really great that Amazon has them for me to order!  Thanks!
Tasty Bite Punjab Eggplant is delicious and spicy.  Try adding a bit of plain yogurt.  Serve with rice or bread (nan or pita work well) and you have a brilliant meal that costs only a few dollars.  This is true of all of the Tasty Bite Indian Entrees.  I wish the Tasty Bite Thai Meals came as Entrees (i.e. without the rice or noodles) so I could streach them out into a big meal by adding my own rice or noodles.  
Tasty Bite Entrees are really easy to keep on hand, since they don't have to be refrigerated.  Buying in bulk works well for these. 
This has good flavor but be warned it is quite HOT as well. Enjoy:-
I've tried lots of coffee pods, and Black Mountain Gold is by far THE BEST!! The flavor is always full and rich, never bitter. The Cinnamon Crumb Cake is delicious.  
A friend shared her MarketSpice tea with me years ago, and I was so pleased to run across an old brochure she had given me.  I ordered some, and that wonderful taste was still the same.  The teabags are so fresh and full of flavor that the oils in the tea cling to the clear bag they come in. It's a flavor you won't find anywhere else.  You can taste the orange and the cinnamon, and they're just a little sweet - you may not need to even sweeten yours!
For those of you who love the cinnamon taste, this tea is by far the best I have ever had. The stronger the better!
Awesome TEA, I highly recommend it. Has a kick to it, spice and orange flavor. Great customer service.
The antioxidant properties of Goji Berries are ones you can feel immediately upon consuming them.  They're a legit superfood, however, the price is outrageous.  If you're comparing them with a dried snack fruit like raisins, they're 8x the cost (for organic). If paying $6 for an afternoon snack is up your alley, then there probably isn't a much better snack for you than these Goji berries.
My only beef with goji berries are that they are BONE dry.  So dry, in fact, they could hurt your teeth, if you have sensitive teeth.  I actually know someone who chipped a tooth on goji berries.  Soaking them is ideal, and then using the juice in smoothies, not to waste the antioxidants that washed off into the  water.   
My boyfriend is a huge fan of duck.  He loves it.  Roast duck, Duck a L'Orange, chicken-fried duck, Duck Varsovia, braised duck, Duck Chow Mein, Duck-n-Dumplins, Duck in Claret, etc...  you get the idea.  Anyway, we were cuddling in bed one night and he said, "I picked up a tub of rendered duck fat from Amazon.com and it is really tasty stuff."  I said, "Oh yeah?"  And he said, "Yeah.  Let me get it and let you try it."  So, one thing led to another and we ended up using it, you know, intimately.  
Woooo! We'll never use K-Y again
I bought mine at Walmart a few years ago and haven't seen them since. These are SO fun, even to sit on the coffee table during the holidays when guests come over. You push down on the back of the reindeer and the tails lifts to let a bean drop out. It's a riot. They are small but hilarious and lots of fun! I recommend this for ANYone who has a sense of humor
My kids got a kick out of finding these in their stockings on Christmas morning
This was hilarious. All the teen boys enjoyed this as a gag gift. Order was processed, shipped and delivered in a timely manner
I have given this gift three times, all three times to lonely old guys on the internet with no love life and bady body odor (I assume).
Each time they ate the jellybeans and enjoyed the way the beans fell from the reindeer's butt. I think it pleases bachelors and therefor pleases me
This is a great gift for that person in your family who still thinks fart jokes are funny or for ten year olds.  Only one problem.  Due to inconsistant sizes of jelly beans, the poor raindeer had a...dispensing problem on occaission which requires one to rip off the reindeer's head (thank goodness it's on a hinge) to alleviate the problem,  this could be traumatic to the more sensitive.. MERRY CHRISTMAS!!
THIS IS VERY HOT AT FIRST, BUT, THEN IT CALMS DOWN.  DAVE'S INSANITY STAYS HOT LONGER. BUT MY HUSBAND IS HAPPY WITH THE BOTH OF THEM
I have to tell you, I have been a fan of spicy food for the last 20 years. I have tried wicked salsas, and crazy-hot sauces. I thought I had seen it all until I received Dave's Total Insanity as a gift last Christmas.
I arrived home from work and decided to give this sauce a try. We were having rice for dinner, and I launched a generous topping of Dave's Total Insanity into the mix, and dug in.
Oh, my! This stuff was no hot I had to throw out the whole dinner. I put way too much in. I never expected "nuclear meltdown." Friends, this stuff isn't child's play. Heck, I wouldn't even secretly put it in my enemy's food. I might get arrested.
Dave's Total Insanity has a great taste, and is perfect for the spicy food lover in your life, but don't go slathering it on your pile of chicken wings until you have a small taste first. You will waste a meal unless you use it in moderation
Johnny's is great for steaks, burgers, chicken....just about anything. Much better than Lowrey's seasoned salt
I use this -- for the most part -- instead of bread. I am Bi-Coastal and I keep these in the freezer both home in NYC and out West. I will have one or two a day and that is it for bread products. Two is 120 calories. You can use them to wrap anything you like. If you want some tensile strength just leave one on the counter for a while before using. This has cache. Who wouldn't want a crepe as a sort of ultimate gourmet taco? Not knockin' tacos or bread, but if you are a minimalist like me you want few things that are great. These take up no room. You can order them in bulk. Among my uses -- to wrap concoctions I create and make a meal. YYou do not neeed much of a concocktion. Max two tablespoonfuls. To put melted cheeze on and wrap up and make a meal. To put a spoonful of icecream on and wrap up and make a treat. To put a bit of preserves on and roll up for my equivalent of a treat. And you know what? When you do not need any, they are still there, taking up little room and available whenever you get the urge. Bread substitute? Well, everyone needs bread. I still go out for breakfast in NYC and will have a Bialy. But before I used to do three bialy's worth of bread a day. I have cut that by more than half. As far as I know this is the only product like this. I am well satisfied. Class act from California
Ume-En is one of the best brands of green tea powder I have ever tasted. This tea has a light, delicate flavor, with just a touch of sweetness, which serves to make drinking this beverage a delightful, relaxing and rejuvenating experience. With this drink, "tea time" is going to take on a whole new meaning. I would definitely recommend this product
I bought the natural flavour. Didn't find it very palatable the first time. But the next time was much better and now I am hooked on to it! An acquired taste, indeed! The 11-ounce is difficult to down in one go, though.
If you dont like mangos, you will not like this drink. It does not taste like an "organic" mango, but rather, it tastes more like the "essence of mango" you would smell from an air freshener. This does mix pretty well with cold rum.
I would suggest you find this brand locally to try it before you buy it. This water does not taste like the water you would get from the Asian countries. I cant really explain why either
Excellent. One of the few food items I've found on here that I think I'll buy again. Remember that it's best chilled/ice cold, if you're ever gonna sample it. Not so good when not so cold, great when actually cold. Very refreshing feel either way, though, after you've had a drink
Zico Coconut water tastes as natural as it is from a coconut.  If you never had coconut water before I would suggest drinking one before buying a pack of 12.  Some people may say it's an aquire taste, but I think most importantly it all depends on what culture you were raised.  I started drinking coconut water ever since I was a baby.  It's very healthy and low in sugar.  Currently I give it to my [...] son as part of his snack instead of the high sugar content of orange juice or other juices
This is the best snack bar we have tried. It has the highest quality raw organic ingredients and they are blended into a delicious bar.
We have tried a few of their flavors and this and Rasberry Chocolate are our favorites
This is unlike any other "bar" I've tried. I like that it's gooey & green--I'm tired of the drier oat-like bars. It's satisfying & tasty.  May not be for everyone, though.  I only wish more ingredient percentages would be listed on the Amazon descriptions--most of these things are pretty high fat.  Ok for a meal on the run
These are by far the best tasting Spirulina bars in the market. The  whole line is more desert like in concept, so of course they are sweet & chewy. People with IBS probably should not eat finely chopped raw nuts and should read ingredients before buying!!
The food is safe for celiac, and most food allergens (AGAIN READ THE LABEL BASED ON YOUR DIETARY SITUATION!)
The bars travel very well and although they may bend and mush, because they are naturally moist and chewey, melting? Never. All the bars in this line travel great and can sit for months in hot or cold.
These are particularly good for athletes and people on the run.
Oh, and the price, come on, there is nothing else that even comes close for the size and quality
I received it quickly and was happy with the delicious alternative to plain granola. It's a healthy snack that's great on yogurt and a good alternative to other cereals
Absolutely scrumptious granola that is good for you...low fat, high fiber, a delicious alternative to the bland, tasteless granolas produced by the major American cereal makers.  I've tried virtually all of the Back to Nature products and each and every one is sensational. Do yourself a favor and try this product. Highly recommended
Back to Nature Apple Strawberry Granola are an excellent product for a healthy breakfast or snack. Each flavor of the Back to Nature Granola is tasty.
I would be careful before ordering this product in bulk. My order of 6 bags came in this week and they are due to expire on September 15th. I did not realize before ordering that this product was getting ready to expire and would not have placed the order had I known this. As this is a food product it is not eligible for return.
So while this is an excellent product, I would not recommend ordering this from Amazon Grocery unless you are prepared to have a bulk order of food that is getting ready to expire
I have been using the Navitas Natural Organic Raw Cacao Nibs for four months now and it gives me a feeling of happiness, well being and energy for the day. We add it to our fruit smoothie in the morning. I don't eat chocolate with dairy and sugar as it gives me pimples. However I can tolerate the nibs.
These nibs are great on ice cream or with cool whip.  Not good alone, but paired with a sweet they are great.  I am going to try cookies next week!  I have already bought more
You have to use this product a special way to appreciate all it does for you.  It is very good for the body. I tried to eat some right out of the bag but decided it is best to put it in other food items like homemade cookies or my applesause.  Good stuff
These little nibs are very bitter.  I wouldn't recomend poppin them straight from the bag.  They were fabulous melted in a pan with some sweetner, dip with chunked fruit, lay on tray covered with wax paper, and refridgerate for 20 min.  The chocolate hardens.  Raspberries are my families' favorite but any fruit works!  Also, very good sprinkled in warm milk for a homemade hot chocolate.  This is a great product for experimental food people.  Straight out of the bag... disappointing
I have become rabid about avoiding trans fats and any product with partially hydrogenated oils that calim to have zero trans fat.  This led to me shopping in health food stores/Whole Foods for anything in the cracker/cookie/snack category.  I once searched for graham crackers and vanilla wafers with no partially hydrogenated oils in 3-4 supermarkets and couldn't find any, so I went to Whole Foods near my job.  I saw these crackers and bought the Cheddar flavor and loved them.  I have since bought the wheat and ranch flavors.  
Who doesn't love a snack with a serving size of 50 bunnies?
I have enjoyed "Goldfish" and other cheese-based snack crackers since I was a child, but no more. I tried these Cheddar Bunnies as I have enjoyed other products by Annie's, and have now found my all-time favorite snack cracker. 
From a nutritional standpoint, they are better than many competing products as they have no hydrogenated oils or artificial flavors, and are made from organic ingredients, including real Wisconsin cheddar cheese. The packaging does an excellent job of preserving freshness, the taste is natural and very refreshing for a snack food, and the price is comparable to other non-organic products. 
I am completely satisfied with these crackers: the are a good value, they compare favorably in the nutritional realm with competitors (although they really don't qualify as "health food," of course,) they taste fantastic, and last but not least, they're fun
These cheddar bunnies are now a favorite in our house.  Better tasting and cuter than goldfish crackers, these are a good snack to give to your kids, or eat yourself.  I was very pleased with this purchase
Bear Naked All Natural Granola (Apple Cinnamon) is a delicious and nutritious way to start or add a little treat to your day. As a breakfast cereal(it also is sold in larger 12 oz packages of 6), you'll be scraping the bottom of the bowl to get just that last little bit more. It's sweet enough so you do not have to add sugar. Just use with low-fat milk, soy or "Lactaid"(another great product for those who are lactose intolerant) for a low-calorie, high energy starter. Nice chunk-size pieces that are both chewy and crunchy and don't get all soggy.You can really taste the apple-cinnamon in this one. The ingredients(which are "Bearly Processed and Utterly Naked") are: whole grain oats(good carbs), wildflower honey,expeller pressed canola oil, walnuts(smart fats), apples, coconut, almonds, oat bran, crisp rice(rice an barley malt), natural flavors, whole grain flax, sesame seeds and cinnamon. There are 7 gr fat, 1.5 sat. fat no trans fat, no cholesterol, no sodium, 17gr carbs, 3 grms dietary fiber, 5 gr sugar(probably from the fruit and honey) and 3 gr protein. 140 total calories per serving(1/4 cup, which I think is a little small for breakfast)),of course that is before you add the milk, so don't forget to add that in if you are counting calories. 
Makes a great pick-me-up snack or dessert too! Eat 'em right out of the bag. There are plenty of good size chunky bits. The only problem is that no matter how much you shake it up, after the chunks are gone, there is only crumbs, which are hard to eat as a snack, could get a little messy. But..You can always add those crumbs to a carton of Yogurt or a topping for frozen Yogurt, for a little extra flavor. 
This 12 pack of 2 oz bags is a really good deal price wise, compared to the grocery store. There are a good variety of different tastes and flavors.We also liked the banana nut quite a bit, but found the "peak protein" package bland. I only wish that there was a variety pack for purchasing them in these bulk deals. 
Click on the Bear Naked Link to see other products. 
The package has a zip lock to maintain freshness and prevent spills. Throw 'em in your car, purse, backpack or gym bag. 
Remember to breathe, eat healthy, and enjoy....Laurie 
I bought the natural flavour. Didn't find it very palatable the first time. But the next time was much better and now I am hooked on to it! An acquired taste, indeed! The 11-ounce is difficult to down in one go, though.
If you dont like mangos, you will not like this drink. It does not taste like an "organic" mango, but rather, it tastes more like the "essence of mango" you would smell from an air freshener. This does mix pretty well with cold rum.
I would suggest you find this brand locally to try it before you buy it. This water does not taste like the water you would get from the Asian countries. I cant really explain why either
This product is great! Very refreshing. It tastes just like you are drinking it straight from a young coconut.  It doesn't have any added sugar & it's only 60 calories a serving.  I just wish it were cheaper...
Excellent. One of the few food items I've found on here that I think I'll buy again. Remember that it's best chilled/ice cold, if you're ever gonna sample it. Not so good when not so cold, great when actually cold. Very refreshing feel either way, though, after you've had a drink
Zico Coconut water tastes as natural as it is from a coconut.  If you never had coconut water before I would suggest drinking one before buying a pack of 12.  Some people may say it's an aquire taste, but I think most importantly it all depends on what culture you were raised.  I started drinking coconut water ever since I was a baby.  It's very healthy and low in sugar.  Currently I give it to my [...] son as part of his snack instead of the high sugar content of orange juice or other juices
If you have ever had trouble with leg cramps, be sure to  drink Zico. It will relieve your cramps almost instantly probably because it is so high in potassium. I have recommended it to others and it always works. Pat Rampolla
Bear Naked is my favorite granola and Fruit and Nut is by far my favorite flavor.  I came across Bear Naked because one of my favorite breakfast's is granola mixed with banana and yogurt.  When I went off of refined sugar I was having the hardest time finding a granola without sugar added.  Bear Naked uses all natural sugars like pear juice and maple syrup.  My favorite part of this flavor is the dried cranberries and the coconut, plus the almonds add crunch to an overall chewy texture.  I recommend this brand to all lovers of granola and to anyone looking for a healthy treat
Bear Naked Granola is just fabulous. I've tried every granola around, and Bear Naked strikes the right balance between crunchy, sweet, and ostensibly, good for you. And Amazon's price certainly beats what you'd pay at the store.
Good low sodium low sugar granola that I feel I can't afford at the onesie price in the traditional shopping venues
I hesitate to write a review about a food because, well, one man's meat is another man's poison ...  I like the not-too-sweet and minimally processed taste of this brand; the Banana flavour is our favourite.  The Fruit and Nut flavour lacks a little oomph and the fruit inside is too tangy for my taste buds (so maybe TOO minimally processed?).  Also, remember that 'All Natural' is NOT organic, even if you find this in the health food section of your grocery store.  Our local Target also carries this brand of granola and has the best price for it
I love granola and cereal in general, but I have to say that this is the very best granola I have ever had. The people at Bear Naked have a philosophy that I love, and which is on the back of every bag: "we believe food should be hand-made from wholesome and natural ingredients you can actually pronounce." Although I do eat processed food, I appreciate the appeal of the more traditionally prepared foods, and this granola tops the list for nutrition and taste.
Like most granola, it is high in calories and fat, but take note that the fat comes largely from the nuts contained (it also contains expeller pressed canola oil), and it has no trans fat, and only 1.5g of saturated fat per serving. This cereal is softer than most granola, though not soft enough for me to consider it chewy. It does have large chunks of nuts and also contains cranberries and flax seed, for optimal nutritional and digestive health. 
The six-pack sold on Amazon makes the price per package reasonable (the ingredients are quite expensive), so as a value proposition, I think this is not only a great product, but a great buy.
Delicious and nutritious: a great combination that I recommend highly
We love this granola!  Bear Naked makes wonderfully nutritious and delicious granola.  We love eating the Banana flavor by the handfuls and the Peak Protein flavor mixed in with our yogurt. Amazon sells it for a great price, too
This is the second time I've bought these for my dog. Although they are not dog treats, my dog loves them. She is very special to me, so I get her the best. This is a great price for these slim jims. If I buy them in the store I pay alot more for them. I've tried them also & their very good. They come individually wrapped in a nice box that opens from the bottom so you can get one or more out at a time. Just like the ones they sell in the stores. If you buy them one at a time at .25C a piece you pay $25.00 dollars for them. I think this is a great value!
These individually wrapped Slim Jims make great snacks for hungry kids.  Toss a few in your purse and you have a portable, filling treat while you're out with the kids.  My kids love them and ask for them over fruit snacks or candy
I bought the natural flavour. Didn't find it very palatable the first time. But the next time was much better and now I am hooked on to it! An acquired taste, indeed! The 11-ounce is difficult to down in one go, though.
If you dont like mangos, you will not like this drink. It does not taste like an "organic" mango, but rather, it tastes more like the "essence of mango" you would smell from an air freshener. This does mix pretty well with cold rum.
I would suggest you find this brand locally to try it before you buy it. This water does not taste like the water you would get from the Asian countries. I cant really explain why either
Zico Coconut water tastes as natural as it is from a coconut.  If you never had coconut water before I would suggest drinking one before buying a pack of 12.  Some people may say it's an aquire taste, but I think most importantly it all depends on what culture you were raised.  I started drinking coconut water ever since I was a baby.  It's very healthy and low in sugar.  Currently I give it to my [...] son as part of his snack instead of the high sugar content of orange juice or other juices
If you have ever had trouble with leg cramps, be sure to  drink Zico. It will relieve your cramps almost instantly probably because it is so high in potassium. I have recommended it to others and it always works. Pat Rampolla
I personally like the taste of this product, but I can see that others may not. The taste is unusual, with natural tones.
I definitely like the packaging. Standard aluminum cans often start to look pretty bad from rubbing on each other for a long time, but a box of Zico survived a 2-week road trip that included some nasty dirt roads just fine.
This is the best snack bar we have tried. It has the highest quality raw organic ingredients and they are blended into a delicious bar.
We have tried a few of their flavors and this and Rasberry Chocolate are our favorites
MY HUSBAND AND I HAVE BEEN OFF "SUGAR" FOR SEVERAL YEARS.  WE THOROUGHLY ENJOYED THESE SPIRULINA BARS.  SURE THEY ARE GREEN, YET THAT IS THE COLOR OF SPIRULINA.  MY HUSBAND HAS PASSED THESE BARS OUT TO A NEIGHBOR AND OUR CHIROPRACTOR AND THEY LOVE THE BAR ALSO. MY HUSBAND TRAVELS ALOT FROM WORK SITE TO WORK SITE AND THIS SPIRULINA BAR HELPS HIM WITH HIS HUNGER PAIN IN A NUTRITIOUS WAY
I've been wanting to try Spirulina, the superfood that everyone in the health world swears by, and figured this would be as good an opportunity as any to do so. The bar is a medium sized green rectangle. It smells interesting and is very moist and chewy. I'm not a big fan of sour foods, so I didn't like that it tasted a bit sour. My [...] brother however LOVED this bar more than all the others we tried. Has a lot of cashew and is very sweet and packed with good fats. VERY FILLING! Overall if you like sour and sweet, this bar is for you
This granola is great-tasting and healthy. Other brands of granola have unhealthy oils in them, but this granola does not.  Apple blueberry is my family's favorite flavor
Couldn't find this item in any stores in my town, so I went to Amazon (naturally) and found it!  The item was delivered on time, too!  Thanks, Amazon
These were exactly what i wanted and tasted great in my home-made mint cocoa nib ice cream, where the bitterness didn't turn you off from the product.
My kids love these snacks and now they are in a handy bag for school snacks.  It makes me feel good that I've sent my children off with a healthy snack.  Will buy them again - good price
I have become rabid about avoiding trans fats and any product with partially hydrogenated oils that calim to have zero trans fat.  This led to me shopping in health food stores/Whole Foods for anything in the cracker/cookie/snack category.  I once searched for graham crackers and vanilla wafers with no partially hydrogenated oils in 3-4 supermarkets and couldn't find any, so I went to Whole Foods near my job.  I saw these crackers and bought the Cheddar flavor and loved them.  I have since bought the wheat and ranch flavors.  
Who doesn't love a snack with a serving size of 50 bunnies?
My daughter is addicted to Chedder Bunnies! LOL!! Which is fine because they are not made with any hydrogenated oils! They are her favorite snack and she asks for them everyday! We are always stocked with a box or two! :)
Just the right size snack pack for my 17-month old.  Healthier alternative to other packaged crackers without sacrificing taste
These are just delicious--and I like having the controlled portions in the bags--a very satisfying snack for 150 calories
I have enjoyed "Goldfish" and other cheese-based snack crackers since I was a child, but no more. I tried these Cheddar Bunnies as I have enjoyed other products by Annie's, and have now found my all-time favorite snack cracker. 
From a nutritional standpoint, they are better than many competing products as they have no hydrogenated oils or artificial flavors, and are made from organic ingredients, including real Wisconsin cheddar cheese. The packaging does an excellent job of preserving freshness, the taste is natural and very refreshing for a snack food, and the price is comparable to other non-organic products. 
I am completely satisfied with these crackers: the are a good value, they compare favorably in the nutritional realm with competitors (although they really don't qualify as "health food," of course,) they taste fantastic, and last but not least, they're fun
These cheddar bunnies are now a favorite in our house.  Better tasting and cuter than goldfish crackers, these are a good snack to give to your kids, or eat yourself.  I was very pleased with this purchase
Bear Naked All Natural Granola (Apple Cinnamon) is a delicious and nutritious way to start or add a little treat to your day. As a breakfast cereal(it also is sold in larger 12 oz packages of 6), you'll be scraping the bottom of the bowl to get just that last little bit more. It's sweet enough so you do not have to add sugar. Just use with low-fat milk, soy or "Lactaid"(another great product for those who are lactose intolerant) for a low-calorie, high energy starter. Nice chunk-size pieces that are both chewy and crunchy and don't get all soggy.You can really taste the apple-cinnamon in this one. The ingredients(which are "Bearly Processed and Utterly Naked") are: whole grain oats(good carbs), wildflower honey,expeller pressed canola oil, walnuts(smart fats), apples, coconut, almonds, oat bran, crisp rice(rice an barley malt), natural flavors, whole grain flax, sesame seeds and cinnamon. There are 7 gr fat, 1.5 sat. fat no trans fat, no cholesterol, no sodium, 17gr carbs, 3 grms dietary fiber, 5 gr sugar(probably from the fruit and honey) and 3 gr protein. 140 total calories per serving(1/4 cup, which I think is a little small for breakfast)),of course that is before you add the milk, so don't forget to add that in if you are counting calories. 
Makes a great pick-me-up snack or dessert too! Eat 'em right out of the bag. There are plenty of good size chunky bits. The only problem is that no matter how much you shake it up, after the chunks are gone, there is only crumbs, which are hard to eat as a snack, could get a little messy. But..You can always add those crumbs to a carton of Yogurt or a topping for frozen Yogurt, for a little extra flavor. 
This 12 pack of 2 oz bags is a really good deal price wise, compared to the grocery store. There are a good variety of different tastes and flavors.We also liked the banana nut quite a bit, but found the "peak protein" package bland. I only wish that there was a variety pack for purchasing them in these bulk deals. 
Click on the Bear Naked Link to see other products. 
The package has a zip lock to maintain freshness and prevent spills. Throw 'em in your car, purse, backpack or gym bag. 
Remember to breathe, eat healthy, and enjoy....Laurie 
Zico Coconut water tastes as natural as it is from a coconut.  If you never had coconut water before I would suggest drinking one before buying a pack of 12.  Some people may say it's an aquire taste, but I think most importantly it all depends on what culture you were raised.  I started drinking coconut water ever since I was a baby.  It's very healthy and low in sugar.  Currently I give it to my [...] son as part of his snack instead of the high sugar content of orange juice or other juices
so good - i love bear naked. i think the fruit and nut is the best out of their varieties.
This is the second time I've bought these for my dog. Although they are not dog treats, my dog loves them. She is very special to me, so I get her the best. This is a great price for these slim jims. If I buy them in the store I pay alot more for them. I've tried them also & their very good. They come individually wrapped in a nice box that opens from the bottom so you can get one or more out at a time. Just like the ones they sell in the stores. If you buy them one at a time at .25C a piece you pay $25.00 dollars for them. I think this is a great value!
These individually wrapped Slim Jims make great snacks for hungry kids.  Toss a few in your purse and you have a portable, filling treat while you're out with the kids.  My kids love them and ask for them over fruit snacks or candy
I have to say that this 100-count box is a great deal for your money.  Although this isn't a "full size" Slim Jim but rather a shorter one, it's the perfect size for a lunch box surprise or a mid-afternoon pick-me-up.  Slim Jim has managed, after all these years, to still provide the same taste of slightly spicy/slightly salty goodness, and you won't go wrong with the 100-count box.
My whole family love these crackers. It's nice that they are organic with no artifical ingredients or hydrogenated oils. The only thing I wish is that they were whole grain!
All 4 of mine love these.  They are great for a quick snack on the go or to pack in lunches when in a hurry
These crackers are an excellent quality snack food. The classic cracker is a crispy, (Ritz-like) buttery cracker, with peanut butter inside, as described.  I bought a box at our local supermarket, before committing to the 4 boxes, and the kids & husband loved them! To save money, I bought them on Amazon. Each packet has 4 cracker sandwiches in them, so if you are like me, you'd like to know that your kids will eat the entire package! Most of the other brands have 6 in a pkg, so sometimes kids will toss what they can't finish during lunchtime.  The cost is about 0.62 each, and convenient.  I also purchased Back to Nature Mini Classic Creme Grab & Go, and they are 0.52 each pkg.  We eat ORGANIC, and (natural also) and the food lookslike other kids at school, but without the chemicals, GMO's, and hydrogenated fats...yuk!Eat healthy in 2007
These crackers are great for the natural, health-conscious family as well as anyone else who loves "goldfish" or other cheese crackers... They taste great and are all natural with organic wheat. Nothing weird - you can actually understand what every ingredient is! (how refreshing)
Plus, I love this new BIG box -- 12 oz instead of regular 7.5 oz. Not only does it save packaging and cabinet space, but it's a better price per ounce! Great for us because we go through them so fast. Now that these are available here, I also don't have to go to the store (some of my local stores don't carry the big size anyway).
The ONLY way I drink this stuff is mixed with a cup of coffee, makes a very nice late afternoon treat without a ton calories!
I love these crackers and was suprised to find them on amazon.com I first found them in Reading Pa and here in florida could not find them.  High fiber is important to me and these have more than most. 
These are really expensive at the leading national overpriced healthy food supermarket, and they are worth even the higher price. Don't worry about buying too many with the six pack - I was a little concerned about that when I bought here a few months ago, but my wife and I ate all of them easily. I'm not even the biggest fan of pumpkin seeds by themselves, but in these Euro-style flatbread crackers they add something really good to the flavor
I am a South Beach Diet follower and these crackers are a perfect choice to fit the guidelines of the diet...and they are delicious!  They are quite expensive in stores so I'm very excited to see Amazon offering them at such a great price
I'm a vegetarian and although my husband isn't, he enjoys this soup just as much.  The tofu in the mix creates a creamy texture.  If you're expecting a "potato au gratin" flavor, you will be disappointed... However, if you've made homemade miso soup from scratch and like the taste, this product makes an excellent time-saving substitute.  The tofu serves a source of protein and the seaweed provides medicinal minerals.  This soup is excellent to drink when sick and remarkably soothes a sour stomach.  My local health food store charges $5.30 per box of 4 packets.  Amazon sells it for $2.66 a box.  Substantial Savings
What could be better than this - just read the label of what is in it and check your fridge do you have the items to make it in about a minute
We spent 5 years in Brasil and Senseo has captured the essence of the premium cafe taste from some of the better Fazendas! Well done, particularly for a Dutch company
I am enjoying my Senseo even more with the addition of the new varities. I like the Brazil Blend as well as the Sumatra
I find this coffee to be very rich in flavor yest strong enough for my taste
If you like strong coffess, go with this, its wonderful! Definitely worth it
Can't rave about this enough.  If you like sardines, this is the way to go.  Just plain delicious
My wife and I have slightly different tasates in coffee, I like mine darker and she like a milder coffee.  This one however is just right for both of us.  I drink it daily without cream or sugar (which I only do when I actually enjoy the flavor of the coffee).  And we are on our second 5 pound bag!  I wish we had found this coffee sooner, it is great
For anyone who needs a shelf-stable, quick lunch option, this is the one!  The soup is delicious and the prep couldn't be easier, plus I love that you can prepare and eat it right in the bowl.  I always make sure I have a few of these in my desk drawer at work, so I never have an "I forgot my lunch" issue, and the portion is big enough to actually constitute a full meal (for lunch anyway).  I love the Udon flavor, and my husband swears by the Miso
Authenic but a little bland for me. I add Ponzu sauce to taste and make sure it gets really HOT in the micriwave. If steaming when you take it out, it tastes better. Pre Rinsing the noodles (as directed) is nonsense. Just cover them with good clean water (I never use TAP) stir in the sauce and toppings and nuke it about 90 seconds, uncovered. Stir and serve. It had everyone in MY OFFICE drooling with questions! Best price is on Amazon, just order 2 so you don't pay shipping.
I've tried several of the Annie Chun flavors, and I liked most of them, but the Kimchi soup is just unbelievably delicious! This is the BEST packaged soup product of any kind that I have ever tried, and I usually dislike canned or packaged soup products.  This is even better than my favorite canned Brunswick Stew that I have loved for so long!  
It is moderately spicy, but if you don't mind a bit if spice, this one is just too good to pass up.  I could practically live off of this stuff!
Thank you, Annie Chun, for making a packaged meal worth eating
This Annie Chun's udon soup is very easy to prepare. I don't think the first step is necessary either. Just add the water to the noodles and dried vegetables, cover it with the lid and microwave it for about 3 1/2 minutes. Add the sauce packet. The noodles loosen up after you stir it. If you what a more filling soup, add meat/vegetables. My kids and I really love this soup! I just purchased more from Amazon, because it's a better buy here than at the grocery store
I have purchased this item several times.  It is good and can be expanded by adding more vegetables or chicken.  It comes packaged well and is easy to prepare.  It is also in an environment friendly bowl which is important to me
I moved from Northern California to the Ozark Mountains of northern Arkansas. I can get Starbucks at the nearby grocery stores or more expensive "gourmet" coffees, but that's about it. I have been on the lookout for robust,full flavored whole bean coffees at reasonable prices. I tried Pete's espresso blend and liked it, but it wasn't available the last time I checked. So I tried this Fogbuster and I like it even more. Good thing, since it comes in a 5 lb. bag. If you like Starbucks French Roast, this compares quite favorably
First found this concentrate a few years ago in Kroger and took it camping because of its small size. Small size, big on flavor and not too salty. Was glad to find it online, as I can't get it in stores nearby anymore
This sparkling juice really holds up to the description.  It has the perfect amount of carbonation (not too much, not too little), is crisp to the taste, and is very refreshing.  The 8 oz. cans sounded pretty weak, but it turns out that one can is the perfect amount for a sitting.
Since first tasting Martinelli's sparkling apple cider at a New Year's celebration over a decade ago, I've been a huge fan of carbonated apple drinks, but none have been "just right."  Naturally, I've tasted the types that I've come across over the years, including: Martinelli's sparking cider (which is kind of sweet tasting and not generally bottled for everyday consumption), Martinelli's sparkling apple juice (a bit under-carbonated), Apple Beer (non-alcoholic, good but has a slightly odd taste), Appletiser (UK only, good, but UK only), and a few other local organic brands.
All of the aforementioned beverages are good on occasion, but seriously... none compare to essn's Sparkling Fuji Apple Juice.  Yeah, it is a little pricey, but its worth it
Amazon grocery was fast and easy as usual and the mac & cheese is great, we can't get our five year old to stop eating it...price wise its a fairly good deal in comparison to the grocery store..
These "cheese" sticks are irresistible. In fact, for a "substitute" they taste far better than the original. My kids love them, and 1 ounce pack fits perfectly into a lunchbox. 
Check the company's website. They select & cook their tuna differently, and that's what makes their tuna the best. It has the lowest possible mercury (same as salmon and much lower than regular tuna) plus they cook it only once, after it's canned, so all the healthy vitamins and omega-3 fatty acids are still there in the can! Plus, Amazon has it for a great price
This is just what I've been needing for a power lifting diet, or optimal health in general. The flavor of the meat is not masked by salt. Yet, the aroma is not as overpouring as other brands. Great stuff! Four stars only because it is $3.75 per can.
I bought this jerky at a Xmas lot a couple of years ago and everyone raved about it. This year they were sold out but I was lucky to find it on Amazon..even less expensive! This is the best you can find..the ones in the market to do not even compare. Believe me...it does not last long in our house!  Would definetly recommend the original and other flavors...they are all great
My packaged arrived much quicker than I had anticipated. Since living in the Midwest the last 5 yrs I've had limited access to beef jerky. I accidentally ran into 'Oberto' beef jerky which was fine just extremely salty and overly seasoned. World Kitchens beef jerky tasted very natural and delicious, I purchased it based on reviews and cravings and I would definitely purchase again. Superb beef quality, texture and flavor. Thank you
I don't think that it is possible to get better beef jerky for the price. My wife and two kids also find it to be delicious
Ordered 2lbs based upon the positive reviews. I am happy with the quality of the jerky and taste of the product, I will buy again. My kids love the stuff, not a bad snack
Better beef jerky is not to be found anywhere. Shipping was good and it made alot of people happy at Christmas time
I've used this product for recipes such as chicken pot pie and shepherds pie.  To get height, I whip the batter in my stand mixer to ensure lots of air bubbles are trapped to support the mix as it cooks.  They've turned out great and you can't tell it's gluten-free.  I've had less luck making biscuits out of it -- came out hard -- but that seems to be a hazard in any gluten-free flour mix
They were thick, like Bisquick biscuits. They tasted great. Would be WONDERFUL in Chicken & Dumplings... 
The only thing I did wrong when making them, was using Bob's Red Mill sAll purpose gluten free flour to roll the biscuit dough in. It made the outside of our biscuits taste like raw beans... yuck! I used White Rice flour, and they tasted great ;) 
For a "buttery" flavor, put butter (or, if you are GFCF a non-casien containing margarine spread) on the top for a taste similar to KFC. Taste great with jelly in the middle, too. :) I froze the unbaked "left-over" biscuits, and they turned out well 2 months later. :
Easy, convenient and tasty snack or breakfast.  Particularly good for college students
I take these to work along with little minature milks I pick up at the convenient store. They're quite filling and get me through to lunch just fine. And they're not too bad for you either. Considering they're all the "sugary" cereals your Mom complained about when you were a kid. In fact the one with the highest calorie count (280) is the Rasin Bran, and that's something that would actually be considered "healthy". All the rest fall into the 160-220 range
My spouse is on South Beach Diet and loves these.  I portion them out in ziplock bags( 15 nuts each) and they are grab and go.  Lots of protein, some fat and very little carbs.  Fresh and tasty.
These are good nuts, very lightly salted, just the way we like them.
But, they are almost all almonds.
A little disappointed with that.  I was hoping they would be an equal mix of all the three variety of nuts
These are just wonderful when You want something quick for dinner just add chicken beef or seafood and any bottled sauce You like.My favorite is alfredo sauce and some mushrooms. Family loves it
I tried this coffee on a whim. My husband and I really enjoy our single serve coffee maker. We easily use up an 18-pak in 2 to 3 days between the grown children and us. This coffee has very smooth taste and mildly strong in flavor. It is a very nice coffee that can be enjoyed daily
  I like Pop-Tarts, as does my family, and I was thrilled to see Go-Tarts and even more thrilled when we tasted them. You do not need to put these little guys in the toaster; they are ready to dance about in your mouth without any heating and this is a good feature.  I often look for little snacks that I can take with me on long or short trips. Sometimes a nibble keeps mouths occupied and stress down just when you need a little quiet in the car; these are great for that or any other time you want a quick snack. I tasted the Frosted Strawberry and it is very good. Give them a try, great for a quick snack at home or on the go
Man, these things are good.  I used to eat Pop-Tarts all the time, but it eventually got to the point that a) I got tired of Pop-Tarts and b) they seemingly just stopped making them like they used to.  Instead of being good and soft like they're supposed to be, Pop-Tarts morphed into hard pastries that felt and tasted like they had been left out in the air for a couple of days.  These new Go-Tarts, at least the frosted strawberry ones, are just right - soft pastries with just the right amount of strawberry inside them to give you that elusive strawberry twang taste (some of you may know what I'm talking about here).  These things are ready to eat right out of the pack - so "ready to eat," in fact, that there's a message on each package stating that you should not put them in a toaster or microwave.  If you're the daredevil sort and insist on breaking Kellogg's prescribed rules, I can't stop you - but don't blame me if your microwave explodes or something.  
Of course, one little 1.2 oz. bar isn't enough for anyone bigger than a Chihuahua puppy, so volume is an important factor here, which is where these multi-pack boxes come in so handy.  With 140 calories per bar, I don't guess these things will be making any of Jenny Craig's diet plans any time soon, but I say life's too short - eat all you want.  And, with these individually wrapped bars, you won't face the classic Pop-Tart dilemma of having to choose between eating two pastries now or putting one back in the box, knowing that it will taste even more stale later because you've already freed it from its freshness-preserving little tinfoil wrapper thingy
Love Bob"s Red Mill Organic Golden Flaxseed, and will purchuse it again, it is one of the best product on the market, in my opinion.
I use Flaxseed every day, I start my morning with a Oatmeal flax seed muffen that I came up with, I also use it in a lot of my recipies, Good Product, Thanks Bob's Red Mill
I was going to just put this on my cereal in the morning. Now I add it to my protein shake suppliments and I've started cooking with it by using it as a breading for fish, chicken, or pretty much anything. It's fantastic! I'm going to end up ordering more soon
This is a great product. The golden flax is slightly better tasting than the brown. Its good enough to put in muffins and (for us) toppings such as apple bake where you can taste it. We actually do consume enough to justify buying it buy the box. We also consume it in shakes but its best when baked- works great in cornbread too. We also get stone ground flours and cornmeals, and these three make up a lot of value in this department. Flax oil of course is very high in short chain Omega 3's. Fish oils are better, but if you have the other nutrients and enzymes in your body you can make the long ones from the ones in flax- hence this product fulfills this need very well (flax is very concentrated in short chain 3's). Did I mention it actually tastes great in baked goods? Bob's Red mill is a quality product
I have tried to lose weight for a long, l o n g, time.  Also for a long, l o n g time, I have seen newpaper advertizements for this tea.  It seemed ridiculous to me at first.... I mean, lose weight by DRINKING TEA?  This idea had just about as much credibility to me as some of those sauna belts, (which can help you lose weight for a full 24 hours....after which time it comes back again!)
Well, last year I was getting pretty desperate.  I had somehow managed to lose 40 pounds....by drinking only regular tea, instant coffee, and home-made lemonade, and eating only Bird's Eye Vegetables and turkey. (In fact, I have invented the "Turkey Diet"! It's very simple: Eat Turkey, Fall Asleep (from the tryptophan!).....and if you fall asleep, you can't eat, you see.  A variation, I guess, on the "Hollywood Diet", which can be used only on weekends....because most people need to stay awake during the week to go to work!)  Anyway, this diet worked for me....but it was pretty boring....took most of my free time away, and....turkey is expernsive!   I gradually stopped this diet, and gradually got back 20 of those 40 pounds.  I looked desperately for another way to lose weight....but drinking tea to do it just didn't logical....
However, no other method presented itself that was as inexpensive as drinking tea....and after all that expensive (but delicious!), turkey, it seemd a good way to go.  Now, this particular tea itself IS quite expensive -- $43 for 4 ounces, (on sale....ouch!)....but the 4 ounces of lose tea would make at least 60 6 ounce cups, (360 ounces...and I'd of course be adding my own water and sweetener)....so I figured, why not?  (Well...because of the possible bad taste, that's why not.  I've tried herbal teas in the past, and -- with the delicious exception of Jasmine Tea -- thoroughly disliked each one.)  But even so, I decided to risk it...I've tasted far worse things than herbal tea, after all....   
So, about a year ago, I sent away for it.
When the Wu-Long tea arrived, (in a lovely little transparent green plastic bag, lined with aluminum foil, giving the impression of a crushed green diamond), I made it and drank it.  Hmmm, (or rather, "Mmmm!")  Not bad tasting at all!  It tasted like the best black tea...the kind, (other than Jasmine), that I like the best.  But,,,,as the tea was SO expensive, I decided not to drink it too often....
As the owner of a "healthy refrigerator", (one LOADED with vitamins, which I take only in emergencies, because I can't afford to keep buying them), I now had this "healthy tea", which I put in the refrigerator to keep it fresh), to sort of keep the vitamins company!  I did throughly read the literature that came with the tea, however....and noticed that many people had praised the MEDICINAL qualities of this tea, along with it's weight-loss abilities.   Hmmm....  I decided that I had happily gotten more than I bargained for....a weight-loss tea AND one which helpoed with other health problems.  Nice to get such a bargain -- but, at $43 for 4 ounces of lose tea, it was still quite expensive.  And so, after that first cup, I restrained myself from drinking it, for quite some time.....
Actually, I didn't drink another cup until about two weeks ago!  I was beginning to feel as if the minor cut I had gotten the week before had somehow let an infection in, (though the cut itself didn't look infected.)
Anyway, I was beginning to feel very, Very, VERY w....e....a...k.....  Two years ago, in fact, I was hospitalized with an infection....the very same infection that killed my mother the month before!  My mother, in the hospital, had said that she "felt like a vegetable", and, having gotten the same infection, I knew how accurate that description really was: I was SO weak, then, in fact, I had had trouble raising my arms above my head!  And now I felt it was starting to happen again!  My first thought was to call 911.  But my second thought was, strangely, concentrated on those glowing testimonials I had read from other customers who had used Wu-Long tea.  I figured I'd try to make myself a cup....if the tea didn't work, I could always call 911....  After all, though I felt very weak, I didn't feel totally paralzyed....yet, anyway.  But I knew I had to make and drink that tea fast.....before total weakness engulfed me.  Did I feel up to doing so?  Yes....I F...took my time, I F...I was very careful, and...I F.. I stayed very near the telephone as I made the tea....just in case....
I managed to make myself the cup of tea....to wait for it to cool down a bit....and to drink it.  Within an hour, the feeling of weakness had left me!  And, as of this writing....taking place a full two weeks later....the weakness, (and presumably the infection), have not come back!
(OH, IF ONLY I HAD HAD THE COURAGE TO BUY THIS TEA ..T W O.. YEARS AGO, AND GIVE IT TO MY WONDERFUL MOTHER!!!!!!)
Now, I'm not saying this tea will work miracles for everyone, and in every circumstance.  The tea did NOT transform my looks to those of Princess Grace, (whom I consider the most beautiful woman of all time), and have NOT cured me of a very slight case of Myasthenia Gravis...a neuro-muscular ailment which I have had since the age of four.  I DOUBT very much that it has made me immortal, and I know for a fact that it has NOT granted me super-powers, or the ability to fly, or to transcend time.
(No one has ever accused me of not having a good imagination! : )   HOWEVER, UPON DRINKING THAT TEA, MY FEELINGS OF INFECTION, (a feeling of weakness quite different from that of Myasthenia Gravis), DID GO AWAY!  I don't remember what the other testimonals for this tea were....but I'm sure, now, that at least 98% of them are true!
Perhaps there is no real "fountain of youth".  But this tea...which seems to cure many ailments, and most probably helps one lose weight as well, if taken often enough, seems a very close second.  Ponce de Leon would have been happy with it, I'm sure.  I don't know if it will help everyone...but I do know it helped me, (and probably the other people who gave testimonials, too.)   And that second cup of tea -- even the whole 4 ounces of lose tea -- are certainly less expensive than going to the hospital!  For those on a budget, like me, Wu-Long tea is, it seems, destined to be used as a luxury, and/or in an emergency.  But I really feel it belongs in every home.....just like aspirin does.  And -- for emergency use...PLEASE take the same precautions I did: 1) Be sure you do have the energy to actually make and drink the tea, and 2) Be near a telephone, so you can call 911, in case the tea doesn't work for you.
The tea did work for me, in the above circumstance, anyway.  An elixir of life?  Perhaps and perhaps not, depending on the person and the circumstances.   All I know is, that for me, and under the circumstances described above, it certainly seems to have saved mine!
For people with who need to eat something between meals to keep their blood sugar levels up, these Peanut Butter Balls are a godsend.  Many's the time I've felt the familiar lightheadness and oncoming headache from low blood sugar and been saved by these things.  I always carry one in my pocket or purse, and keep one in the glove compartment.
This snack is superb in several ways.  First it is very good tasting.  The flavor is very much like a soft peanut butter cookie.  Nutritionally, it has quite a bit of protein, very very low in simple carbohydrates (or sugars) and is high in fiber.  
I carry these with me to work and eat one in the morning and one in the afternoon to help me keep away from junk foods and excessive caffeine.  
These would be excellent to carry with you on a hiking trip
Faster than expected shipping! Great Tasting Product and Good for you too
Wow - this beef jerky is so good it should come with a label: "Warning - Highly Addictive." Hands-down, the best beef jerky we've ever eaten. Moist, yet chewy, very satisfying. Not too salty. Lots of flavor. Think maybe I'll go eat some now...
Although I was a little put off by a prior review that indicated this product was nearly inedible, we had purchased this salmon jerky at Trader Joe's in smaller packets and really liked it, so we decided to purchase here at Amazon much less expensively.  Yes, this product is very dry, but it also has none of the preservatives included in some of the more moist jerky products out there.  My family liked it, and we are placing a second order.  That other reviewer should send her inedible seven extra packages our way
Serves well as an in-between meals snack. Got a good deal on Amazon
Even though I know it's important to eat breakfast, I seldom do it; I'd rather sleep a little longer. These breakfast bars are a nice easy way to solve the problem. I keep a box in the car and munch on them on the way to work in the morning...they're whole grain, nice and filling, and taste good to boot. They're also a nice treat on the way home. The Oats and Honey are my favorite, but the variety pack provides a nice change. All of the flavors are tasty: peanut butter, cinnamon, maple sugar - all yummy
Excellent green decaf tea at a great price.  We love this tea.  It has a strong delightful green tea taste and its decaf too.  By comparison, many other green teas are too dry tasting for me.  And I like the convenience of the 40 tea bag size boxes as we drink a lot of this tea.  Its great hot and good iced too
Add Mayonaise to anything and I love it.  That is espcially true of this white albacore tuna.  Being packed in water lowers the calories and it's fat free but it needs something to moisten it.... like mayo.  It's delicious and totally clear of any dark tuna meat if you abhor even the slightest amount of dark tuna meat in your salad.  The tuna are supposedly wild caught in dolphin safe nets so are therefore hopefully lower in Mercury content.  Plus there is nothing added to the product so it's truly all natural.  I happen to like dark as well as white tuna but if you only like the white like so many of my family and friends then this is the brand to buy
I love eating a lot of cereal in the morning. Like anybody, I really don't choose a cereal that is just good for you, I really choose it for taste. I loved Special K before when it was plain flakes, but I absolutely love it even more with the addition of red strawberries. This cereal tastes even better with each morsel and bite with the addition of strawberries. I like how delightful the strawberries taste after I add the milk into the cereal. This is a great buy for anybody who loves Special K cereal, or for anyone who just hasn't considered that special challenge.
Price: B+
Taste: A-
Overal: B
I like sardines, much to my wife's dismay.  I can eat them right out of the can.  However, skinless and boneless they have to be and that is becoming an expensive variety.
How nice it was, then, to find that Amazon is selling the Reese brand at very attractive prices.  I've tried both the 3.75 and 4.375 oz cans, in olive oil of course--purchase 30 or 40 cans at a time--and have been quite well pleased.
I prefer the larger can.  In my experience, the 4.375 is packed with smaller sardines that tend to have a more delicate taste.  At least that was my opinion respecting those that are netted and packed in Morocco, as most sardines that I have been buying are.
That brings me to the single problem I encountered in a recent purchase of the 4.375 oz Reese product.  While the web page for it called it out as a product of Morocco, what arrived was a product of Portugal.  The box graphics as shown on the website was different, too, and the sardines were larger and firmer than those of Morocco.
Although, still tasteful and a great value, too, I prefer the Moroccan variety.  It's that more delicate taste that I seek.  For most and for me, as well, the product source is certainly a minor point, but I did call the issue to Amazon's attention.
Amazon is great when it comes to feedback and actually seeks it, but I do not know how my comments were ultimately dealt with.  The website still shows the product as Moroccan and package graphics different than the packaging that I received.  
Of course, the website includes info and pictures that Reese provides.  Reese probably shipped the Portuguese variety without advising Amazon of the change.  It could be that I will not know what is actually being shipped until I make my next purchase
For a working mom, these are the best.  Quick, easy - heck, my four -year-old can make them!  Price-wise?  I'm a cheapskate and only bought these when they were on sale for $1 a bag.  Amazon offers them for less.  The garlic cheddar biscuits, BTW, are the closest things I've found to the Red Lobster Cheddar Bay Biscuits...and SO EASY
I did receive the Splenda flavor packs and enjoy them alot. 
Flavored coffee creamers have been a guilty pleasure of mine for a long time now, but even if you buy the sugar-free kind, you're ingesting a whopping 1 gram of fat per tablespoon of creamer. As if that weren't bad enough, it's partially HYDROGENATED! 
Splenda Flavor Blends is a wonderful alternative if you're like me and just can't face black coffee. Please note that this is not a creamer. It sweetens/flavors coffee. If you find you just have to have creamer to "tame" down your coffee you can add a Splenda Flavor blend and a splash of skim milk or if you like things more creamy, buy some powdered non-fat milk and add that along with the Splenda Flavor blends.
Lots of times, I find products with Splenda already in them to be too sweet but I didn't think that was the case with this. All three of the available flavors (hazelnut, mocha, vanilla) taste great without being overpowering. 
Finally, now I can kick that fatty creamer bad habit!
 Finally a flavored sugar!  Splenda is awesome (does not create sugar imbalance in your body, which is the #1 weight gainer)!  The mocha is absolutely the best of the three offered, and I am a French Vanilla fan, usually.  The French Vanilla is a close second and the Hazelnut is a distant third.  One packet of flavored and one plain packet is perfect for one travel sz. mug (14oz).  No need to use two flavored packets as one packs a pretty good punch, which is good since they are a little pricey.  The only "con" is that they are difficult to open since there is no small start-tear on the top.  You have to open it with your teeth and they are the tall plastic packets Vs. regular sugar size paper ones.  A stupid "con", I know, but nothing can be perfect, can it?
Tastes great - Less Calories. Amazon's pricing is cheaper than my local grocery store so I stocked up
Of the several brands of agave nectar that I have tried, this one is by far the best.  It has the least "taste" to it - it is just sweet (very similar to simple syrup that you would make with sugar and water)
I've been using Agave in my tea, coffee, cooking and on pancakes for over a year. I'm a type 2 diabetic, and need something with a low glycemic index.  This product is the best - and it tastes wonderful.  My kids don't miss honey on their pancakes any more, and this keeps everyone from having sugar highs and crashes.
Highly recommend
Works great in coffee and tea, and can be used in baking as well.
THERE IS ONE OTHER CEREAL ON THE MARKET THAT IS VERY SIMILAR IN
CRUNCHY...TASTEFUL CEREAL!! I HAD BOTH IN MY PANTRY AND TRIED EACH INDEPENDENTLY AND THEN, TOGETHER. THIS THE ONE CEREAL THAT IS GOOD ON ANY OUTING FOR BREAKFAST WITH MILK, CAN OF CREAM OR
JUST PLAIN WATER ON A CAMPING OUTING. OUTFIT YOUR BACKPACK WITH 
HEALTHY GOODIES. NO SPOILAGE EITHER. I WAS HIKING FOR FOUR DAYS WITH KASHI, DRIED FRUIT, SEVERAL CANS OF JUICES.  IT IS JUST THE BEST APPROACH FOR HIKING WITH THE MINNIMUM LAGER ON BOARD
always soft and semi-sweet, real apples, tastes kinda like a muffin without any air in i
I tried Pure Bars after seeing them reviewed on a health website. The site waxed poetic about the flavor, as well as the extremely high quality ingredients, but I figured "right -- these bars all end up tasting like dates no matter what flavor they are". Well, I stand corrected, the flavor on these bars is excellent and is by far the best I've tasted (and I've tasted quite a few). That's a real bonus, considering the fact that the ingredients are completely raw and organic and the whole bar is relatively low on the glycemic index. To those unfamiliar with raw food bars, take note: if you're expecting any of them to taste like "granola" bars or candy bars, you'll be disappointed. Think fruit sweet instead and your expectations will be met. I can also vouch for the fact that my 2.5 year old daughter loves them. On to the chocolate next...
very good tea. weak but nice aroma. mild good flavor. excellect for the price
First tried this tea from a specialty store in Buffalo, NY where it sold for close to $60/lb.  Love it, even though it was only 2 oz.  Search the net for this tea and found it Amazon.  
It's a light delicate flavorful tea that can be brewed 2 to 3 times by refreshing it with more hot water.  It is non-acidic like some other teas.  It need no addition of cream or sweetner.  I'm currently drinking 5 to 6 cups per day as it is so delicious and light.  It's not exactly a green tea when brewed but a light amber color, with the hint of a flora or fruity taste. The added plus at Amazon is the price and very quick shipping.  
I would strongly recommend getting this tea for any tea lover and I'm sure they would be pleased if they enjoy a good quality chinese tea
I got into various oolong teas from a great New York importer. They really know their teas!
But this year, the Numi Ti Kuan Yin is available at quality and price that bests the experienced importer. I dunno, maybe they got lucky at an auction or somthing. But we've been enjoying this tea!
You can spend 3 times as much and get better tea. But then it's too expensive to drink every day. Buy this
I ordered both the Brown Sugar Jerky and the Peppered and both were absolutely fanstastic.  This jerky has a slightly tender consistency which makes it easy to chew.  The flavor is sublime, not too salty, just the right amount of sweetness, a real taste treat.  I am on my second 2lb order.  I am totally hooked
This is truly great jerky and a fantastic price.  Don't let the price fool you...this is first class jerky.  I order for the whole office and every person raves.  My last order was for 36 bags of World Kitchens (some of all 5 flavors)
A great product at a very good price.  We are repeat customers so that says it all
This is one of the best beef jerkys  I have purchased, moist, tender, with a great flavor, I have tried the others that are like orginial dry and tough to chew, leaves your jaws tired...also a great price...best I have found...Will order agai
After all the great reviews we didn't think we could go wrong. These are really good but not as satisfying as maybe a protein bar. Then again, didn't really expect them to be.
My 2 1/2 year old is allergic to foods very common in traditional granola-type bars: wheat, soy, nuts. We have tried various "bars" that were "safe" for her to eat and this has been, by far, her favorite! I'm happy that they're organic & she loves the taste. Great all around. They are individually packaged, which makes them great for when we are on the go
These are very tasty. Not too sweet like some bars, but plenty sweet enough. Nice fruity flavor - my favorite of the three EnviroKidz bars. Even if I didn't need to eat gluten-free, these would be a favorite snack.
What else do I need say for coffee for my favorite coffee maker.  The only thing else I need is some latt
I love the flavor. It's in a world of it's own. It has great taste and textur
The wife looked incredulous, but I had the last laugh as I pasted a beefy, juicy kiss of sugary goodness on her cheek last night just as she was dozing off to bed. Seeing the drooly goo drip off onto the pillow made the night on the couch all worth while. 
Thank you World Kitchens for two pounds of steer delight.
This jerky is not just an excellent value, it is by far the best jerky we have eaten. I buy it every year as Christmas gifts (and ofcourse, save one pkg for us) and everyone raves about it. My family always looks forward to Christmas because they know jerky will be there for the holidays. You can't beat the price, and the jerky is actual strips of  lean beef that is flavorful. The brown sugar has just a hint of heat with the sweetness. I would highly recommend this product. Value and quality can't be beat. A+++ Thanks!
This is quality jerky....probably the best I have found so far....
Awesome Jerky.  Some pieces are tender, some are tough.  Had to knock off a star for the gas.  I can clear a stadium after eating a few pieces of this stuff
My husband and I like the Newman O's better than Oreo's, and our 3 year old son loves them! As we did as a child, he pulls the cookies apart and eats the cream filling, just like an oreo. Also, the Newman O's do not have the harmful high fructose corn syrup that oreos still have
These cookies are superb all by themselves. Far superior to "that other sandwich cookie" in every way. But if you really want to tip the scale into complete decadence, melt some Ghirardelli Double Chocolate Chips in your double boiler, and dip these cookies, then remove to a rack to dry. Your friends will all think you got them at some fancy chocolate store, and beg you for more. Keep out of reach of children
Everyone in my family (from 3 to 64 years old) loves these organic cookies.  I purchased these cookies at several local stores before I discovered that Amazon had them. I sent a package to my grandson who is in the Army in Iraq and he raved about them.  Newman's has another big winner!
I do not like store-bought cookies, especially Oreos (too dry and greasy for me). But upon the recommendation of several people, I tried the Ginger O's and was pleasantly surprised. They have excellent flavor and the cream does not have that greasiness to it. If you like ginger cookies, don't hesitate to try these
My children prefer this cookie much more than the standard chocolate cookie with cream.  These are a bit softer than the O's we use to purchase but it also makes them much easier to twist apart and eat! =)  We purchased the chocolate with chocolate cream too - YUMMY
I love the Original Vanilla Creme Newman's O's, so when I saw the Wheat-Free/Dairy-Free on sale one day I picked one up. I figured it would basically be the same as the Original. The chocolate and vanilla tastes are great, but I found the cookies themselves to be rock hard. So unless you have an issue with wheat or dairy products, I would recommend the Original Vanilla Creme, and not the Wheat-Free/Dairy-Free variety
Fresh tuna. Great price.  I would recommend this product
My order arrived before I could blink! I am buying my coffee here from now on.
The variety blend coffee pods are simply the best coffee I've had in a long time. I drink up to three cups of coffee a day, but the one I look forward to the most is the cup I make in the morning on my Senseo machine. The origins pods are the best of the best. These pods have a rich, full bodied flavor that surpasses the other medium and dark roast pods that are available. Get the variety pack and try them all. They are all wonderful
We first bought these crackers in a local store, and loved them.  Nutritionwise they are really good, and have a great flavor and are oh so crunchy.  Never attempt a conversation while partaking, you'll never hear the other person :-)  After our first purchase we bought directly from Dr Kracker.  Then they told us of the great deal we'd get buying them thru Amazon.  And that's what we've been doing ever since.  Aways good for an in between meals snack with butter or peanut butter.  Then we'll have something more substantial on them for our lunch from time to time
I saw this bread in my local health food store, and it looked so good I decided to try it.  I must say it taste just as good as it looks. This is by far the besting tasting cracker I've ever tasted.  
Made completely from certified organic ingrediants, this product is an excellent choice for the health conscious. And the price here at Amazon is a great buy in comparison to any local retailer.
I'm looking forward to this replacing the breads I usually use
i tried this about two months ago and really loved it. i love the crunch and natural sweetness.  i also made corn chowder with their corn product. i recommend this for any one who loves healthy natural snacks
This is a very tasty & nutritious snack!  No fat, sweet & crunchy, a great alternative to running out to the vending machine at work
I really enjoy these as a light snack. They are only 85 calories a bag so it is easy to fit it in your diet
The title pretty much says it all.  I reserve 5 stars for what I consider the best of the best.  I wanted a gluten-free cereal that was different from the few I've been eating over the years.  This is definitely NOT like the usual "crispy rice."  It's much more substantial (not "90% air"), has a nice, though not too strong, cocoa flavor, and doesn't get soggy in the first two minutes after milk (or other drink product) is poured on it.
Another rater talked about empty calories.  I'll be generous and assume that reviewer is not particularly familiar with reading (and comparing) nutrition labels.  If a high quality rice is also considered "empty calories," that review would be valid.  But comparing the Koala Crisp nutrition label to the nutrition label on a high quality rice reveals almost identical nutritional values - perhaps because Koala Crisp IS a high quality rice.  Just as rice has never been claimed to be a fully balanced meal, neither is Koala Crisp.  What it is, is a high quality product made with high quality ingredients (none of the artificial vitamins and minerals added to "grocery store" cereals to make them look better).  And it's designed to be used as part of a balanced diet.
With that out of the way, It's just plain good.  I buy it by the case, and eat it several times per week for breakfast, I like it that much.  And no, I have no connection with the company at all - I just love their products (many of them - not just this one).  Now, if they'd just add this one to their line of Eco-pak cereals (large, bulk bags), I'd be even happier
When I searched the net for pods there were lots of warnings that the senseo brand wasn't so good.  Granted I am not an avid coffee drinker,however I really look forward to a good morning cup of coffee that won't burn a hole in my stomach.  I usually run one senseo pod through twice and have a perfect cup.  If anything - needs a little more of the flavor (i.e. hazlenut, vanilla) added to it.  But still very good.
These pods are excellent! Same taste as your favorite coffee shop at a fraction of the price
This is great granola and at such a great price! I usually make my own, but for this price, it's not worth the effort! Thanks for the great value
Good quality granola, not too sweet, would give it 5 stars, but it doesn't have enough nuts.   "Super Nutty" it is not.  It is worth the price though.  My wife would give it 4.5 stars.  She is mildly gluten intolerant and can eat this because it contains no wheat.  
the munch'ems were certainly a good buy. they taste great and easy to pack. best of all they are good for you too.
These were very good cookies. I loved the texture and flavor. a nice surprise from a packaged cookie. I would buy again
I had purchased a few of the tea chests as Christmas gifts for my neighbors. I thought it was so beautifully made that I purchased another for myself! The wood chest is really pretty and the tea variety inside is great. I put it out every time I entertain
Very nice wooden tea box.  Will make a nice present.  I have not tried the teas, though
Dr. Krackers are fantastic.  They are different from any other cracker I have tried.  They are very crispy, which is what I love about them.  They are delicious plain or with cheese and dips.  Because of their crispiness, they hold up great for dips.  I cannot say enough about these crackers.  They come in several flavors, while classic 3 seed is my favorite, they are all very good
Best snack I've found in years. I keep these in my desk at work for a mid-afternoon appetite curb. Highly recommended by all my family and friends
I am addicted to these. They are delicious, not dry at all, and there are lots of crackers in each container. Yum!
This coffe is so delicious! It is bold and smooth. There's no bitter taste even when brewed strong.  If you're looking for a great coffee, with a smooth flavor and nothing bitter, you' won't be dissappointed  with Timithy's Colombian La Vereda
I use K cups all the time- at work, at home, etc. There are a handful of good k cup brands out there. This is one of the best. Both decaf and regular Timothy's Columbian are smooth and rich in flavor. Add some creamer and sweetener, and goodbye to any other coffee!! You won't be disappointed. Believe it or not, the home brewing K cup machine(Keurig) gives a better cup of coffee versus the commercial K cup machine(also Keurig), because the hot water does not blast too quickly through it. FYI
We love the taste of Illy coffees when brewed in our espresso machine-- smooth, never bitter. And the vacuum-packed canister has a unique, reusable design.
I have tried EVERYTHING for our francis francis espresso machine, and had an extremely difficult time to make it taste wonderful.
I found this espresso, and the first time I tried it, I was absolutely HOOKED.  Try it; you'll love it! 
Illy rules. My favorite espresso roast.  Great price.  Excellent.
I really feel like this is the best overall coffee that I have tasted.  As the name suggests, it is intended for espresso, but it makes an excellent cup of regular coffee.  I love this roast for my lattes because it is so easy, smooth, yet full-flavored.  If you are in the midst of a decision for what bean to purchase, make this your choice.  You shall not be disappointed
The South Korean oysters are the only ones I will eat, nice size, tender, flavorful.  Avoid any from China
I've always loved smoked oysters but most brands come packed in cottonseed oil, which is vile to say the least.  The Crown Prince oysters are packed in olive oil -- a huge step up in health and taste.  They are convenient little bundles of protein that can be packed in a lunch, etc.  They taste wonderful added to soup or stew.  Great for last minute entertaining.  Last but not least, I like to have a case on hand in my disaster supplies
So these are basically Ritz Bits, but with three differences:
1.  The crackers are better; they taste more buttery and flavorful.
2.  The cheese is better; it actually tastes like something that's met cheese in passing, and maybe even shaken its hand.
3.  They're all organic 'n' stuff, so make you feel ever so slightly virtuous, and less like a slave to Big Food.
If you're packing lunches for kids (or snacks for yourself), these are great
Some people can tolerate spelt but not wheat --and if you are one of those, spelt flour makes a great bread. It substitutes well, but be aware that spelt requires less kneading (it has a shorter gluten fiber and breaks down if kneaded too long. We knead bread about three minutes.)
Spelt also makes lovely noodles and is fine in cakes. It seems easier to digest. It does have gluten and is a relative of wheat, so if you are gluten-sensitive, this is probably not an alternative
We love Cinna-Raisin Crunch for breakfast.  The clusters are larger than average and hold up well in milk.  The cinnamon and raison flavor is right for me.   Given  few minutes to digest, and it keeps me comfortably sated for hours.  If you prefer small bites or smooth textures in your breakfast cereal, the usual cluster size in this cereal might not be right for you
These prunes are delicious to eat! Since we started eating Newmans Organic Prunes the store bought ones do not compare. We notice a difference and feel healthier for eating these. Amazon is a place to shop in which we feel good buying organic products from them.. Thanks Amazon!
These 6 oz packs of organic California prunes have more flavor than the non-organic brands. They are also drier and firmer, which I wasn't sure I liked at first. I quickly grew used to it and now I prefer them this way. They are sweet and chewy.
The freshness date is 16 months in the future, so these would make a good addition to any emergency preparedness stock one might have. 
You can't go wrong at this price for 12 bags. This is one brand you can trust
Very tasty coffee cake.... probably doesn't cost much more than to buy all the ingredients to make it and easier !!!  nice weekend treat!   Make sure there's lots of people around to eat it so you don't eat it all yourself!
Read about Panko in several cookbooks.  This was definitely the best buy out there--although I have enough to last me several years! Would recommend this product
My family and I absolutly loved the SiNamon flavor of LesserEvil popcorn...great flavor, and the box was enough for a movie with the family.  Was it healthy?  Well it was better than movie theatre popcorn for sure...but it is called "Lesserevil", not "completely wholesome and good for you"  Good stuff overall, and Amazon's price is great (just make sure you like the flavor first, because you hav e to buy a cas
These are not that cheddary.  I imagine that this is what the dried congealed waste water from making cheddar tastes like.  It's good enough.
It's really taste good and let you feel good too. It's a easy way to get calcium. Only concern is the price is little expensive and can't affort to have it often
Really great Irish Brown bread, tastes just like the bread in Ireland! Very easy to make, I make it 3 times a week(my husband is Irish!)
This is my favorite side dish. It is so versatile and so very easy to make. It tastes great with any and every kind of sausage I've ever tried. I love to make it when I whip up a batch of hot wings
I find it easy to use at breakfast when added to my muesli, honey and yogurt mix.  Powerful healthy morning treat.  For the price you can't beat it as a health food
I got a few packages of these... used some for my daughter (for the Omega-3 fatty acids, as they help with brain function... she is speech impaired) and for my grandpa (who has high blood pressure & had a stroke.)
You simply add a few spoonfuls to your oatmeal... my grandpa's cholesterol went down 50 points in one month. (None of his medication had been able to do that.) 
My 5 y.o. daughter didn't notice this in her oatmeal... I tried it, and there is no added taste, just health benefits :) 
Great product. We always have it at our house
My wife and I have adjoining offices, and we keep a variety of soups and snacks on hand so we can eat in together when we don't both have time to eat out. This soup is one of our favorites. We like the flavor and the texture (creamy, with nice chunks of potato, lots of corn kernels, pieces of carrot and bell pepper). I keep a bottle of hot pepper on hand to spice it up, but my wife prefers it as it is. We microwave it in the envelope and then pour it into two mugs. There's just the right amount in one evelope for the two of us when I have a sandwich to go with it. Without the sandwich, I find one envelope about right for me.
This isn't the healthiest of the Pacific Foods soups that we've tried in terms of fat/protein/carbohydrate content. The beef stew is better in that regard, but we don't like the beef stew without considerable extra seasoning (and it's very thin for a stew) and we like the creaminess of this chowder. We eat a balanced diet, so that really isn't an issue. This is very satisfying, and it's the one office food item we order again and again
This is *awesome* soup!! I was a little iffy about it (about any soup coming from a can or bag!) but ordered it anyway, it sounded so good. My hubby, toddler and I *love* it and could eat it every week if we had more money to buy it!  We took some on a camping trip and shared with all of our friends that we were with, and everyone agreed how great it was. Not as good as home-made, but really really good!  I'm not sure about the taste buds of the reviewer that gave it 1 star, but we all thought it was worth getting again..!
These bars are filling, which is what I look for in my snacks/breakfast foods.  They're nice and sweet, won't fall apart on you like granola bars, yet don't require too much jaw pressure to take a bite--it's the perfect consistancy.  A great way to get some portable protien if you don't want to carry around a bag of nuts/seeds with you
I have a Briel espresso maker and these pods have made using the machine more convenient than my stovetop pot. I have used the expensive pods and these taste as good and have fabulous crema. Enjoy
The espresso pod is easy to use, easy to clean and makes very good espresso. I am very happy with it and just ordered another box
About to order my fourth box this year. It makes a smooth brew, ideal for my latt
We use these pods for a youth group fundraiser at our church.  We consistently get comments on how great the coffee tastes.  I like how easy they are to use.  No mess, no tamping.  I am able to make drink after drink quickly and easily
I use this cereal for not only cereal, but also to make rice crispy treats. Yum
It evens says "snap,crackle,pop." Not only is it delicious, but it is very filling. It satisfies my urge to crunch, and eliminates my problem with gluten products.
I highly recommend this cereal
My favorite things are often the most simple: A healthy alternative to Kellog's Rice Krispies - with the benefits of organic ingredients, rice syrup instead of cane sugar, and an incredible company behind it all to boot - and this tastes even better! Also, rice syrup won't give you the 'spike' and 'crash' of conventional sugar, and in fact supplies a steady stream of energy
These are the best! They remind me of rice crispy treats. They're so chewy and delicious. I recommend these to anyone who loves peanut butter products
If you love the taste of peanut butter, then you will love the taste of these granola bars.  They are chewy and do not break into pieces while eating them.  A healthy, delicious, and quick snack
I really like these as they are a lot less sweet than other brands
They went over well in our house.  THe sugar content is semi-low, and the peanut butter has good protein
Delicious and very filling.  They can easily be used as a meal replacement
I bought these because I have a corn allergy and wanted to substitute them for the LA Weightloss bars that list corn syrup as the first ingredient.  I was pleasantly surprised that they were pretty tasty! My favorites are actually the Fudgie Filberts that taste similar to a Little Debbie brownie if Little Debbie's were diet. Following that I would say Almond and Coconut are tied for second. Third is the Peanut Butter which is the highest in protein but not as good as the others. My husband didn't like any of them but could tolerate the one I liked least, Peanut Butter.  Over all I think these are great as a healthy snack for people with food allergies or other dietary restrictions. I think I would have picked a different name than Betty Lou's Nut Butter Balls.  Nut Butter Balls doesn't sound as appetizing as what they actually are!! Nut Butter Balls.....Mmmmmm
We have been using Meyenberg's powdered goat milk for several years.  We used to buy their milk in cartons at Walmart and it was good.  The only problem was that we live so far from a Walmart store that we would run out of goat's milk between trips.  We decided to try the powdered and found that it mixes and stays mixed very well and tastes exactly like the liquid milk in the cartons.  Of course it stores easily and indefinitely and we highly recommend it to anyone who wants or has to drink goats milk
I started using goat milk when my daughter was 1 because she did not digest cow's milk that well. This product is great, has equal or more nutrition than cow's milk, has a good flavor, just slightly different than cow's milk,is easy to digest and best of all the powder form is great if you are on the go, I don't have to worry about it spoiling I just mix and give it to my daughter
I prefer this powdered milk to the condensed form that Meyerberg sells. The condensed has a more sour flavor to it.  One has to realize that goat's milk is not cow's milk in that it is richer or creamier in flavor so it does startle one until your palate get's used to something which tastes "different". When it is warm, it honestly tastes about as close to what a milk product should taste. Cold it has a slight powdered milk processed flavor.
I actually made ice cream from this powdered milk and it turned out pretty good. It is like ice milk as this is milk, but it was different and enjoyable but quite sweet.
The recipe was 1 quart milk (8 scoops of powdered milk made warm and allowed to chill)
1 cup white sugar
1 tsp vanilla flavoring (you can try other flavorings like banana)
1/8 tsp salt
My electric freezer will freeze this in 20 minutes.
I like the powdered for it's ease and it keeps well. I can make up a quart and it will keep 2 weeks, so it is on hand and not wasting or forcing someone who has limited use to drink a gallon of milk. Granted one is used to cow's milk, but this is something one can get used to if they have allergies and I am glad it comes in a nice metal can with a plastic lid to reseal after you pop the top and a plastic measuring scoop to get it right.
One can will make 3 quarts of milk
I used Meyenberg Powdered Goat Milk with my first litter of pups five years ago, and was very pleased with it, so made sure to stock up before my second litter was born.  I supplement the mother's food with it, and mix it with ground puppy food to make a puppy gruel to transition the pups to puppy food.  The pups and their mother seem to love it, and have suffered no digestive problems at all.  It dissolves quickly in warm water and is convenient and easy to store.  I recommend it as a nutritional supplement for nursing mothers and pups both
I use these beans in a Jura Capresso SuperAutomatic. Everyone in our house likes the coffee because it has a refined taste. Many coffees sold taste rather muddy, so if you like a clear tasting coffee, with delicate notes, give this one a try.  Also has excellent crema
The roast is more smooth and mellow than Starbucks. I prefer it to Illy. Produces ample crema. It's a good value. After trying the first bag, I ordered several more. The Lavazza has become my daily espresso bean -- at least until the 8.8 pounds runs out! FWIW I grind with a Rancilio Rocky burr grinder, and my espresso machine is a Rancilio Miss Silvia
Espresso beans can be roasted in different ways. Lavazza and Illy represent the best of two different approaches to roasting beans for  Italian espresso. Illy roasts their beans for a longer time, but at a lower temperature, than Lavazza. As a result of its higher roasting temperature the Lavazza is darker, and according to some people more robust, than Illy is. 
At its best, when properly ground, tamped, and brewed, Lavazza espresso is a bit stronger tasting and also a little bit more bitter than Illy. The Lavazza espresso also has a very pure black color once brewed and when it is done properly it has a hint of licorice in the aftertaste. Personally, though, I prefer the Illy approach which is why I am giving this coffee four rather than five stars. But, even so, I certainly recognize the high quality of Lavazza. In my opinion Lavazza represents the very best of the widely available dark (as opposed to medium like Illy) Italian Espresso roasts
This is a terrific espresso.  I got hooked on Lavazza in Italy and haven't found any other espresso blends to knock it off it's throne.   This is my first time purchasing Lavazza whole beans and I think I'll continue to buy the whole beans for the freshness factor.   Would highly recommend!
Great taste! very creamy espresso with a natural sweet aroma, does not need any other cream or sugar to ruin such a rich taste.
The reason why your(to the previous reviewer) coffee tasted sour is because you failed to use a decent and suitable home espresso machine.
 If you had used the right method and machine it would have been nearly impossible for you not to enjoy the great taste this coffee can offer.
These are very high quality espresso beans with a taste so full and rich that you would want to keep going back to it after tasting other coffees.
I spend a lot of time in my van while out shooting wildlife photos.  I buy a case of bottled water and keep some of these individual packets of drink mix.  Open a bottle of water and put in a packet of this drink mix and you have an instant refreshing drink.  Very easy
Lots of bang for your buck if you are a discerning hostess who enjoys offering guests a slightly off-beat non-alcoholic beverage. Really like the packaging. Like the taste too, kind of like Mountain Dew with ginseng.
I will never make home-made gumbo again, this is so easy and good. 30 minutes and you have great gumbo.
This is my favorite of essn's juices. It is unique and has a beautiful color, which you see when using it as a mixer in cocktails. Also, a HUGE hit with kids. Can't beat 100% juice. Worth every penny
I didn't know tuna could taste this good!  And low mercury relieves worry about eating too much fish.  I love shopping Amazon.  I experiment a lot and am never unhappy but this tuna is really wonderful
This was the first time I have bought this and am very pleased with it.  When you open the can, the tuna is in one solid piece and not all sloppy like other brands.  It tastes pretty good too.  Will buy again
I thought tuna in olive oil tasted good but this is better. This is the tuna for salad nicoise; maybe use the other for mixing tuna salad
Am always looking for new ways to get whole grains into our diet.  The pudding recipe on the back of the package is very good.  Even DH with incredible sweet tooth liked it
This is the same Crystal Light lemonade that comes in the round containers
but with the Quanity buy much cheaper.Great taste
I discovered this in our local QFC grocery store, which is the only place I've ever seen it, and Amazon's price is much better as I paid $8 for one package.
Growing up, my mom used to make us bowls of pastina as comfort food.  I call this whole wheat orzo my "adult pastina". :) Cooks up really quickly and is versatile in recipes and tastes wonderful.  I highly recommend it
I'd been looking for whole wheat orzo for awhile, and it's almost impossible to find in any grocery stores. This is a very great pasta at a reasonable price. I've been very pleased with this pasta
This is a very good source of fiber with good taste and texture that even picky eaters enjoy
While I like all of the Kashi products I've tried, this one has to be my favorite! With a little fresh fruit, how much more healthy can you get? Great taste with seven grains and sesame! Perhaps the other reviewer threw away the cereal and ate the box
The pods are great. They taste great and brew great coffee although in my two different pod machines they brew coffee that tastes very different. The one thing to be aware of is that the pods are slightly thicker than many other brands and they may not fit right in some machines. The problem only occured with the double pod configuration for a bigger cup of coffee.
This coffee rivals the name brand coffee house and right in my own kitchen. I am the only coffee drinker in my home so I make one or two cups each morning and the no-muss-no-fuss delivery of this system is unbeatable. If guests want a cup of coffee I am not brewing a pot, just a cup as needed
Great flavor, light and fluffy, and good texture. Only down side is that the bread tends to dissolve with to much moisture, and has a tendency to be a little dry but great for sandwiches. Unlike other gluten-free breads that tend to be so heavy that they over power anything you put in the middle.
I ordered this for the "mocha" flavor but really cannot say that I found it.  I will say however that this does make a very nice smooth cup of coffee, so much so that although I ordered this for "after dinner" coffee, I have been making it for breakfast
Mocha Java is one of the smoothest cups you will ever have with a full bodied taste.  It is so mellow it is almost buttery.  I love it
Mocha Java is almost as good as going to Starbucks for a cup of coffee.  I recommend it to anyone who likes the Mocha flavor of coffee
We have a new Keurig coffee maker and just love Timothy's coffees, any flavor, but especially the German Chocolate.  Great price too
my family all enjoys this product.  the taste is good - very little aftertaste.  the product is healthy and excellent for a quick snack
I ordered a case of sardines through Amazon Grocery last month and they didn't travel well, the box arrived soaked in oil. 4 cans had popped open and seeped fishy oil all over the rest of my order. Upon inspection I could see that the design of the seals on the cans and the way that they were packed in their box made it a simple matter to pop the seals, and any bump in transit could do it. Sardines are not returnable items. Imagine the mess of shipping them back? Amazon handled my complaint in excellent fashion regardless.
So, I thought that I had better try it again. I ordered a totally different kind-same brand. These sardines are not quite as tasty as the others but they are quite acceptable. My cats like them and most essential: they arrived in perfect condition.
That being said, if you don't have Amazon Prime shipping you might consider getting it. It pays for itself quite quickly and it is SO darned convenient. I live in the country and I work at home. It's a pain to go to town to shop for groceries, books, music, whatever. Amazon provides so many products I need. Amazon Prime gets them to me quickly and usually, painlessly (those leaky sardines were my only problem among dozens of shipments). 
Amazon does a tremendous job! I'm one happy customer
I have been buying this brand of boneless and skinless sardines for years and still love to just open a can and eat them for a snack.  I know that being boneless and skinless lowers the calcium level but I've never liked the crunch or taste of eating a whole sardine right from the sea. And they are packed in olive oil which is loaded with Omega 3's too so it's as good for you as are the sardines.  However, I am not so sure about their actual mercury levels.  Buying them from Amazon with their $10. off sale on $49. purchases is a great price.  I've even found that many of the local grocery stores as well as Costco and BJ's NO longer carry this product.  Or their price has skyrocketed.  It's great to be able to stock pile them from Amazon.  If you like sardines, you'll love these! And they are just so nutritious for us all
The title pretty much sums it up.  :)  Not too sweet, and just absolutely delicious.  Every time I have a different cereal, I wish I was eating this instead.  I don't even know why I bother with the other kinds now that I've found this stuff...and it's good for you, too!  
"Can life get any better?  I submit that it cannot!"  ;)
This is the best blueberry cereal I've tried.  Not sickeningly sweet, excellent flavor and texture, stays crunchy even mixed with yogurt. 
This is a great Crystal Light product. I like that you get Vitamin C from it. It is a great way to get extra vitamin c with out popping a pill or taking in extra calories. Tastes good too
The coffee was very good. I just wish they had more items to select in the variety pack. I'm still looking for that one flavor that says, this is it. I had a superb coffee in a local restaraunt and I've been trying to duplicate that taste for a couple of years now
We have served this coffee at our Sunday morning church services for 8 years... it is wonderful to know that we are not lining the pockets of some mega corporation when we buy from Pura Vida...but helping children and families. I heard one visitor who moved out of state and had not been in services for over 3 years say, "I knew I would get a great cup of coffee this morning!" ... we love this coffee
Though resembling nothing like the common graham crackers found in most grocer's cookie aisle, these small squares are quite delectable and relatively guilt-free
I have ordered these twice now, they taste so good! I also tried the chocolate wheat-free ones, they were awful, I would not order them again, but have been waiting several weeks for the grahams to be stocked
Newman's Own Organics Alphabet cookies are very chocolatey and very crunchy. The first time I tried them I was hooked! My two children also think they are fantastic. If you are have not tried organic cookies before, these cookies are a good starting point.
This coffee has a rich, bold flavor, dark color, and nice aroma.  Very enjoyable drinking!  Comparable with Starbucks bold coffees.
I love this cereal; I eat it every morning with maple syrup or honey, raisins, and walnuts.  It is never pasty for me, as it is for the other reviewer, unless I let it cook way too long or let it sit to cool too long.  I cook it for five minutes, turn off the heat and let it thicken a couple of minutes more as I add my raisins and walnuts and maple syrup.  Then I stir in rice milk until I get it to the consistency I like.  Though I don't like rice milk by itself or on any other cereal, it does taste really good on this rice cereal, with the added benefit of making the whole thing easier to digest.  Rice cereal is the easiest cereal to digest, anyway, but adding rice milk instead of cow's milk makes it even more easier
Forget the white tea at Starbucks--Clipper is the real deal! Quick to make--requires just 30 seconds to steep. I do it with non-dairy creamer and a couple of tsp of sugar, but this is pretty sweet by itself. But bmake sure you get the six boxes advertised here--or get them for pretty much the same price at Whole Foods
I bought one box of this and my entire family tried it. It has since become a staple in each of our three homes.  Great taste, with or without sugar
Pros:
Very tasty
Natural ( no preservatives )
Cons:
Difficult to che
I love these!  The only thing good about being on a gluten free diet is discovering these cookies!  I'm hooked.  I love the coffee flavor mixed with chocolate.  And for a dessert all the ingredients are pretty good
These are quite good tasting!  Even though you have to buy several boxes rather than just one at a time, the individual boxes are manageable enough for use over a period of time.  It would be nice, as with most things, if they were a bit less expensive and also didn't have to be bought 'in bulk,' but overall they're very good especially compared to some other 'organic' offerings
Summary:
Peanut butter, plain: A bit "rubbery". I cooked them a little longer in microwave and added chips. ;^)
Peanut butter, choc. chip: Crispy, crunchy, crumbly, rich and VERY addictive! (Yes, they always arrive broken up somewhat, but you won't care.)(Like other chip one, only 5 oz. box)
Swirl shortbread: Too heavy and buttery for me. Nice texture.
Choc. Chip shortbread: If you like shortbread, this will taste decadent! Rich choc. chips. Crispy and yes, also addictive! (Note: only 5 oz instead of 7 oz. box)
Butter shortbread: Couldn't really eat these. Too heavy and buttery. Least favorite.
Haven't tried others yet.
I have a wheat allergy and never tasted shortbread again until I found these wonderful delights at the store in the health-food section! The shortbread choc chip I tried first has not only the unique taste of shortbread, but has chocolate chunks also! They are crunchy and light.
In comparison, they weigh less than some other Pamela products. They are not as "buttery" as the Butter Shortbread or Swirl (a good thing in my opinion). I love the pecans also!
Recommend to any wheat-allergy sufferer, or gluten intolerant person. :^
I tried Betty Lou's Spirulina-Ginseng Balls because I read the nutrition
information and you get 40% of your daily requirement for vitamin A in
one serving. At this point in my quest to eat healthier, I've read lots
and lots of nutrition labels, finding this much vitamin A in a snack is
rare. Finding something "deep green" in color that actually tastes pretty good is rare. If you're looking for a yummy, sugery snack this
is not for you! If you are looking for a healthier snack to replace grabbing for that cookie, this snack is worth checking out
I can't believe how great these are.  I bought these about 9 months ago and they were going to expire so I decided to try one. I feel amazing!!! I had lots of extra energy without the side effects of caffeine.  It tasted pretty good. 
These are a great substitute for granolia bars and much better for you.  They are not based on grains but on greens instead.  Taste is a tad bit green but if you eat whole foods at all then you'll love these.  -Plus they give a good energy boost throughout the day! 
   I tried this item just because it's a a ginseng snack.  I found it to be not particularly tasty, but the overall effect of increased stamina is true.  I'm not sure about spirulina in general, but one ball per day does the trick for me when it comes to increased stamina lasting several days
I definitely love a cup of freshly brewed coffee. Now that so many choose to have coffee numerous different ways, there are just those who need the right filters. Melita knows that with their coffee filters. They are convient and stronger in hold than any other filters on the market. They work great with #2 coffeemakers, and especially are convient for those who've purchased the individual ground coffeemaker Melita's Perfect Brew and Perfect Start coffee filter cups where all you have to do is just boil water and pour, and you will get a convient cup of coffee. I really recommend Melita a whole lot, they are worth the price.
Price: B+
Strength: A-
Overall: B
    Some days, after the kids leave the classroom, I find myself reaching for the nearest available chocolate!  Not any more...This is a great healthy snack that satisfies the cravings and keeps me going for a few more hours. And there are no hidden ingredients that set off my food allergies, which I really appreciate.  They are maintaining their freshness well.  I bought them for the price, but am now going to try the other items in Betty Lou's kitchen
I have these and the worms, I LOVE them because they are soft...I highly recommend them
I would buy this product from amazon anytime. It has always been grea
I originally found these Flatbread crackers while traveling.  After returning home I longed for them, so Amazon came to the rescue with a source of these great flatbreads
  This "Kracker" is just the absolute best.  Eating it alone when you need something crunchy or with Healthy Choice Peanut Butter or low-fat cream cheese - it just is an awesome product and I buy it in bulk cause I never want to be without it!  I'd love to see a "variety pack" - kind of a sampling of all the Dr. Kracker goodies available
I bought these crackers because I love cheese and seeds/nuts and am a low carb dieter.  They are very good and I would have given them 5 stars except I actually liked the crackers without the cheese better.  These are great for an occasional cruncy/crispy treat and I would purchase them again.  They have a less "sweet" taste than the regular crackers and the cheese flavor is mild, not artificial or too salty.  I highly recommend them. 
I bought this product because it was a cheaper alternative to the Senseo coffee pods I've been buying. I don't have much to compare with, but overall, this decaff tases fine
I love Pretzels and have to say that after trying my way through many different kinds, these are The BEST.
The taste great, are REALLY crunchy - a key requirement for me - and have just the right amount of salt. The Newman's Rounds are just as good - maybe even better.
And as an added bonus, Paul Newmann donates all his after tax profits from the sale of his products to charity - an unbeatable combination in my book
Everyone loved these pretzels. Very flavorful, not too salty. I plan on buying more from Amazon, best price I've found on this brand
These Pretzels are great!!  I needed an alternative to wheat and found these spelt pretzels.  I had them prior to ordering them on Amazon so I knew to expect they'd be awesome.  Several family and friends have tasted them and can't tell any difference to pretzels made with wheat.  However, I like these spelt pretzels better than your average wheat pretzel!
I don't like too much salt and I found these pretzels average on the salt factor.  Like every other bag of pretzels, the salt does comes off and settles at the bottom of the bag which is always fine with me.  
The only thing I don't like is that in the ingredients list they say made with Organic Spelt and also Spelt.  While they meet the standard to label their product organic, they should use ALL Organic Spelt
I was attracted to these because they have more fiber than most, along with more protein. I think they taste great
my daughters love this tasty PB natural snack.  typically in the stores around here, one box is close to $5.  but this bulk buy makes it about $2.70 - a real bargain.  already one day, they've finished off one box
I happen to love pecans and this product is loaded with them. It's too bad the cans are so small
I was really impressed by the taste of this cereal. I was expecting the flavor to be like cardboard or something like this, but instead it was really good. It was sweet (but not sugar sweet) and crunchy. I'll definitely buy this again. If the price went down I'd buy it more
I love this cereal.  I like the slightly sweet wheaty taste, and the fact that it holds its crunch in milk for a long time.  I also snack on it dry.  It stays with me for a long time, keeping me from eating junk
My FAV out of all Nature's Path cereals. And trust me, I KNOW Nature's Path cereals. Calorie count = PERFECT. Nutrition = PERFECT. Everything is great about this
We initially discovered this cereal at one of the big warehouse stores, but they do not consistently stock it. We enjoy the flavor, the fact that it is made from organically-grown grain, and the health benefits of flax seed and high fiber. At the time of purchase, we found the Amazon price to be over a dollar cheaper per box than in our local grocery store. We bought two cases!
This is an excellent quality product--nice clean filets packed in olive oil instead of who-knows-what.  I really like having little glass jars instead of a tin that can't be reclosed if you don't use all the filets at once. My first food purchase from Amazon was an excellent start
Ever since I returned from Spain, I have been looking for some decent anchovies to eat as tapas. These are just the right amount for a snack and the flavor is wonderful. If you have never eaten anchovies except on a pizza, you are missing a great treat. I highly recommend these, and even if you only eat them occasionally, they will remain fresh in the glass jars
Didn't expect much with the price being this low, but it's now a family favorite. Can't tell the difference between this and Jeremiah's Kona blend, but they are both have smooth, rich tastes. It's one of our family favorites now
Having moved from a state where this popcorn was always available, we were aghast that no one carried it in our new area!  It appears that very few here like this wonderfully natural tasting, lightly salted, lower calorie popcorn, but preferred those that heavily tasted of thick butter with lots of salt and coats the mouth with film.  This popcorn pops fully, leaving no kernels unpopped, and doesn't need any additives.  Ease of ordering and prompt shipment make this a wonderful way for those of us who just have to have it!  Thank you, [...]
Great flavored soup that you don't have to start from scratch.  Very healthy choice
I am a firm believer in the health benefits of Hemp.  This product is the best I've found.  The delivery was very prompt and efficient
If you like hempseeds like I do. This is your best buy. Amazon has the best price. The seeds came fast, fresh, and are terrific. To me they smell and taste even more fresh then the retail packages. The 5 lb bag comes vacuum sealed. I took 5 mason jars, packed them in and put them in the freezer. I have a big bag in the refrigerator. I toss these seeds all over my salads. :
I drink this stuff religiously.  It tastes great, with very little bitterness coming through even when over-steeped.  The Yogi quotes are fun too
I am a huge fan of tea. I have been drinking this one for years. I am astonished at the price -- such a great deal. Anyway, if you must buy tea in a box, this is one to purchase. I love the subtle flavors of this tea. I always feel better after drinking a cup. It's even better if you add a little fresh (organic) lemon juice.
Other than the Republic of Tea The People's Green Tea, I really like Yogi Tea Healing Formula. Not only is it 80% organic but the refreshing subtle taste of lemon grass with powerful antioxidant ingredient like grapeseed extract (protect cells from free radical damage and also promotes healthy circulation) should make one incorporate tea drinking in one's daily life. Other health benefits of green tea are for symptoms like headaches, body aches and pains, digestion, depression, immune enhancement, detoxification, as an energizer, and to prolong life. The only side effect is insomnia and I'm suffering from it but I know my immune system is thanking me for 6 cups of green tea each day!
 this is a nice smooth green tea. actually, I have tried many flavors of Yogi tea, and they are all lovely. bedtime tea really does put me gently off to sleep. egyptian licorice has a nice little bite to it, and the women's formulas help with hormonal issues. I have not found a bad flavor. : 
I just began baking with Splenda when we found out my dad has pre-diabetes. For Easter I prepared a sugarless ricotta tart with Splenda and it worked beautifully. Everyone agreed that it didn't taste sugar-free and my dad really enjoyed it.
I think Splenda is great, but I grew up with artificial sweeteners and a true test to how great this product is, is to let a sugar addict try it. My husband happens to be one, and he cannot tell the difference between Splenda and sugar in his tea! As with other artificial sweeteners, you get an unpleasant after taste--with the Splenda there is none! You can use this to cook with too! It's a wonderful low fat alternative to sugar
I love Splenda and I love getting it in a big bag.  As a good ole Oklahoma girl, I live for my iced tea.  And my tea MUST be sweet, but sugar isn't an option.  So SPLENDA to the rescue.  We use it in everything and are learning new ways to use it every day because my Daddy has developed diabetes.  The big bags are often out at our local grocery store, so finding them at Amazon with our Amazon PRIME takes care of that problem
I have found that Splenda is a great sugar subsitute for a diabetic to use.  It is great alone on food and also for cooking with.  Leaves no after taste like other sugar subsitutes do
There is juvenile diabetes in our family and we have no other choice but to bake with Splenda. After couple tries I found excellent Splenda recipes and even guests could not tell Splenda cookies from sugar ones. If you still feel Splenda cookies are not the same, add a teasp. of molasses in choc chip or oatmeal raisin and they taste exactly the same
I'm a diabetic so I can't have sugar.  In my opinion Splenda tastes alot better than sugar and has no carbs from it.  So if you're a new found diabetic and you think life is over cause everything food wise sucks, just sub some Splenda in the recipe and you'll be good to go. 
The Glutino Penne Pasta actually tastes like the real thing!  I've had a few bad experiences with rice pasta, but this stuff is pretty good.  I don't notice a major difference when microwaving leftovers... so this deserves 5 star
You can't tell this is rice nooles.  It tast just like regular pasta!!  My celiac husband loves it and he doens't feel like his missng out.
These are fresh and have just the right amount of licorice flavor. They are much softer than most black licorice and are easy to chew. This is the BEST licorice I have ever had, bar none! The bag is huge! Haribo really knows how to make candy
Tellicherry Pepper at this price is remarkable.  The product is excellent, if a little difficult to pour from the large "mouth" into a small grinder.  Otherwise, great
Agave nectar makes an exellant sweetner for cooking as well as for teas.
Agave is better for your health than refined sugars and other manufactured
sweeteners on the market today.
My only wish is that will soon be available in larger containers for bulk sales and use.  Thanks, E
This product is the best. No aftertaste, it's organic, and has a low glycemic value.
I use it in beverages. It's lighter than honey. In this bottle it squirts out easily.
I seem to require a less amount than honey or raw sugar to gain the same sweetness.
This is for the "light".
Easy storage and does not change consistency over time.
The regular might be heavier and could require even less for same sweetness.
Since going on the candida diet, I've had to find sugar substitutes for most things, and this agave has been a fantastic replacement. We've even used it instead of sugar in some baking and it's worked out great.
I adore this light version of the Madhava agave because it is so versatile.  I use it in hot and cold drinks to sweeten without any sort of aftertaste.  It mixes easily into both.  It is the perfect compliment to tea or coffee, especially yummy in a vanilla rooibos!  I also use it in place of sugar in various recipes, especially any dressings.  I prefer it to honey because it does not crystallize and it has a very low gycemic index.  When you eat honey it is like injecting sugar straight into your bloodstream but agave, while high in fructose, is slowly released into the bloodstream so you don't have that after sugar crash.  Use the amber variety in place of maple syrup but use this light version for any other type of sweetening!  From one sweet tooth to another, agave will satisfy! I'm off to make some tea..
I like the Nutiva Hemp protein. A great protein source that is easier to digest than whey and also provides half of the daily required amount of fiber.  Can't beat that!  It won't leave you feeling heavy and bloated like whey sometimes can.  I like the taste and texture too.  Mixes great with cranberry juice/cranberries, stevia, ice and water! I add some Berry Green for extra energy and nutrients!  It's my morning breakfast.
I've been using Nutiva products for years now and the protein powder is wonderful. I add it to a smoothie in the morning, and it keeps me going for hours. It's a staple in my diet, so I usually have one or two jars on hand. I highly recommend it
I love the taste of this hemp protein Powder.  I love to mush up bananas with a fork, add some dried figs with raisins and pour this hemp protein all over it with the Nutiva Hemp seeds.  It tastes great and satisfies me on every level.
I also sensed there was much more fiber in the powder compared to other brands.  I couldn't believe when I saw that there was 14 grams per serving.  Considering that 90% of Americans are lacking in fiber, this Protein Powder can be a great service to millions
I mix this with orange juice, berries and a banana in the blender and it tastes great. It took some time to get used to the grainy texture, but it is much better than soy or whey protein.
We recently ordered a case of this cereal from Amazon and are down to our last box now!  My husband and daughter have Celiac and I don't-- but I eat more of it than they do-- It's really that good :
My kids have tried I think all the gluten/wheat free ones and by far this is their favorite.  They stay hard in milk and I, an adult, even like them
My son loves this cereal!!!  I always had to buy it at a health food store where it is usually almost $5 per box, so when it was on sale I would stock up.  I finally started buying another peanut butter cereal that also did not have gluten ingredients.  He said he didn't like it as well, but I thought he was just imagining the difference.  Well, I decided we would do a blindfolded taste test to prove he couldn't really tell the difference.  He was able to identify the Panda Puffs as his favorite every time no matter how we switched them around!  He has even asked for a case of this cereal for Christmas!  Guess that convinced me that there must be something to this cereal to make him like it so well.
  
When I received a $50 gift certificate through the Kidzeyes program as a prize, I used it for some gluten free grocery items from Amazon.  I liked the items we tried so much, I started an astore to promote the great tasting gluten free foods that are available at reasonable prices from  Amazon com.  In fact, that's the name of my astore: Great Tasting and Gluten Free. Here is the link: [...]
I have several items listed, including EnviroKidz Panda Puffs, with personal reviews of each.  We have five people in our family eating gluten free and quality is very important to us!  All the items I have on my page are personal favorites.
Now I order gluten free items from Amazon about once a week for my family.  Sure beats going to the health food store over an hour away and paying much more for less selection
I love this cereal.  It is crunch and filling as well as great tasting.  Was very upset when stores stopped carrying it.  So I was very happy that amazon carries it. Many of my friends buy this also.
Smart Monkey is my favorite brand of raw food bars. They have so much flavor compared to the brands you find in the grocery store! Well done to whomever came up with the recipe... you ARE a smart monkey
    Rather mild but pleasant tasting coffee...typically consistent brewing
Thanks for carrying this coffee. Our local stores only carry the Medium Roast & Cappuccino. It's nice that you carry such a variety
I loved the idea and ease of the Senseo, but I was never that crazy about the way the coffee tasted.  The grocery stores do not offer much in the way of variety, so I decided to take a chance and order the Columbia Blend from Amazon.  I have been very happy with the flavor of it compared to what I had been getting.
If you are up for a change and want a smoother flavor, but still a strong tasting coffee.  Give it a try!  
I will note that the bag only comes with 16 pods vs. 18 in the regular bags
Blends well in smoothies. Taste is, to me, neutral which is a plus for whey. Difficult to find plain whey from "Sports" sources and when I have the taste is not pleasant. The others do contain whey isolate which is supposed to be superior so perhaps that is the difference. Elderly relative was drinking bottled  nutritional mixes (Ensure etc) when she felt bad or had trouble keeping food down. They helped but smoothies are better. Make them  with whey, egg whites (Deb-El Just Whites here on Amazon sells whites in smaller packages), natural chocolate (Navitas Naturals Organic Raw Cacao Powder), bananas and other fruit. She loves them. The whey and eggs whites give her all the protein she needs in a day in one drink (the egg whites lighten up the drink too but aren't really necessary unless you really want a protein boost). On bad days when she can't eat solid food, I toss in a few tablespoons of Deb-El powdered whole eggs to add fat and boost her caloric intake.
I am a coffee afficionado! I'm a pickey coffee drinker and only use a french press to make my coffee from the freshest beans I can find. I keep my coffee beans in the refrigerator and grind them fresh moments before making my daily cup of coffee! This coffee was great and I have tried a million different brands!!! Organic and fair trade is important to me!!! Thanks for the extra effort! I wish the big guys would make this kind of effort!!!
My husband's favorite jerky.  Used to buy single bag (much higher price) for "special treat" for him.  Just wish he would not go through eight bags so quickly..
These snacks are crunchy and mildly peppery. The taste resembles that of cottage cheese. A little under salted for my taste, but still great. Watch out for blobs of undissolved jalape�o mix, you probably do not want to bite into those.
I've tried a lot of cold coffee drinks and this one wins on all counts (even over Frappacino). I have to have one every afternoon for a 'pick-me-up' treat! You will LOVE this, I'm on my 2nd case
If you need a BOOST its here!! tastes great and gives immediant energy! I love it
My doctor ordered me to eat heart-healthy food, saying that raisin bran is one of the best for bulk count.  He said it's a good idea to not only eat it for breakfast, but to also eat a small bowl before dinner, especially for those over the age of fifty who might tend towards constipation.  It sure beats the "prunes" of my mother's day!
I have always liked raisin bran, and this packet of 70 individual boxes will last me a little over a month ... if I follow my doctor's advice.
I also enjoy the convenience of Amazon's new store for staple groceries.  The only drawback I see is finding the extra storage space if I order everything to last a month.  
I bought this tea chest for my father.  He loves it, and it's a good deal for the money.  It's the perfect storage solution, and a pleasant way to select your morning teabag, too.
Recommended
This cake mix is absolutely awesome.  Very easy to prepare and is OHHH so good.  For those of us who have to avoid glutens in our diet sometimes baked goods just aren't at all tasty, but this one is so good my husband, who is not gluten sensitive, eats it and says he can't tell any difference from the regular spice cake mixes.  Will definitely be buying more of these
I have bought these krackers before at our local health food store and was delighted to see that they could be delivered to my door. I received my shipment of these delicious spelt flatbread krackers this week. However the "sell by" date on each package is a week old. They seem to be fresh enough now, but I am wondering about how long they will keep past the sell by date. It also makes me wonder about other Amazon orders and the sell by dates on them. I will be wary of ordering other items with a short shelf life
Hazelnuts are tasty.  A 4-pack is twice as many as you'd expect as part of a single package
Great way to pass the day at work.
Fresh and tasty
These are as good as the ones you buy in the store. I was concerned about the quality, but was happy to see that they are the same as those purchased locally. Great price with discounts.  Most stores carry them for $1.99 for a  5 oz. packet
In Europe, you find a bowl of dark flaxseeds to the side of the muesli set out on a breakfast buffet. A great source of Omega-3 oil, you can improve your health by eating these tasty, nutty seeds. They are good for the gut and good for the heart.
The golden seeds are an attractive alternative to the nut-brown seeds. They look nice in baked goods like lighter breads. They taste the same as the dark seeds. Ground, they don't show up in white bread, so you can bust some up in the blender and throw then into your standard bread recipe and add needed nutrients and fiber.
We like them sprinkled on oatmeal, muesli or yogurt
This is a good price for this amount of quality licorice.  This is the traditional Dutch concoction containing a strong salt taste and smell.
Not for everyone, the taste of this product is less sweet but more long lasting than the licorice candies we are used to eating in America.  If you know you like this strongly flavored licorice this is a bargain
Double salt licorice is a very scary flavor for the uninitiated. People don't like it the first time, then start to crave it if they stay with the taste. If one doesn't like this licorice, it's great to serve to unwanted guests
My kids like these just as much, and I feel better giving them organic products.  (The chemicals and pesticide/herbicide residues in non-organic foods make me nervous.  Why take a chance when organics aren't that much more expensive anymore?)  Yes, the cereal isn't artificially fortified with vitamins/minerals, but my kids get a high quality multi-vitamin every day so there's really no worry.  Add a serving of fruit to increase the nutrition.  I also add a little protein powder to the milk since getting a protein boost in the morning is very important for sustained physical and mental energy
This is a wonderful (and healthful) snack.  Crispy and tasty and low in calories. Each bag equals 1/2 cup of fresh fruit, and the dried crunchiness of these seems to intensify the flavor of the fruits.  There is also enough substance to meet the munchies moments.  I highly recommend these
It's a great new (at least for me) Crystal light flavor.  My husband loves it
I tried to order this here but was sent Tang instead. When I informed them of the problem, they resent the order and again I got Tang. Their system seems confused by the TANGerine description or they're just not very bright at the warehouse. 
I've had this flavor before and it is good: not too sweet and a bit tart. Refreshing
The stores near my house charge over $2 a box for the organic type. Half of me thinks it's great to have it avail on demand through Amazon for cheaper - the other half is ashamed to waste the fossil fuel on a special trip to my house.
I think Annie's should be able to make their product a little cheaper by now - it's pretty dang popular. Oh Well, the Alfredo variety isn't avail thru Amazon right now anyway, so I'm stuck (again) watching for sales and stocking up - which makes the formerly-ashamed half of me happy
I bought this for my wife who has many food allergies. She cannot have wheat or items containg gluten.  This is one of the best products I have found. Its crunchy and tastes great. It seems that most things we buy for her lack one thing or another, this product has it all.  I even like it. She absoultely loved it and I am out of the dog house.....for as long as it lasts..
I have been drinking starbucks espresso but decided to give this a try, I am so glad i did. This is by far the best espresso i ever had, and yea even better than starbucks
Once I tried Illy, everything else tasted just OK.  Truly an excellent coffee flavor - smooth, not bitter of overly strong.  And the price is lower than any store I've check and even better than ordering directly from Illy.  At a price of $13 per can, I was ordering five cans at a time to get free shipping.  I love that I only have to order two at a time and it's delivered to my door!  
These instant potatoes are very tasty and so simple and fast to make.
A nice buttery flavor and all you need is water.
Will be buying more
My kids love mashed potatoes.  These are sooo easy.  No melting butter, just add hot water.  We love to have these as a midnight snack.  Just add shredded cheese and some sliced green onion and ummmmmm good.  Would have given them 5 stars but they're not quite as creamy as hoped
Great product---what else can I say? While I lived in the caribbean, I ordered food since it was too expensive to buy good quality food there
Good texture, good taste on the Ahi tuna. Almost as good as beef jerky. 
Avoid the salmon jerky. Most of the strips were hard and brittle. Some were so tough they were barely edible...more fit for my dog. Also the salmon was too spicy
I eat these right out of the package. They are easy to put in my lunch box. The flavor is great I never warm them up but they would probably be even better if you did. I really like the sauce they are in. No Complaints I just like em great taste don't take up much space. But very filling. Highly recommend
...and I've tried quite a few.  I tried over 30 varieties of green tea bags searching for a good cup, and this one takes the crumpet!  The flavor is strong but mild, the color golden brown, and the aroma is light.  I threw out all the others (or rather I gave them to my father-in-law who also like tea) when I found this one and I bought a case of it..
  This is a great change from the canola oil and shortening!!  When I first got it, I pan fried some fish in it and it was really delicious. Doesn't add a lot of extra taste that you might think. Also, think it's not as stinky when frying as other oils. 
 Then I had to try it on my popcorn.  Oh, that is really wonderful.
  Only problem I had is in delivery. The oil wasn't sealed well enough and it got warm enough during delivery to become somewhat liquid.  Some of the liquid leaked out in the box.  Just a warning if you live in a warm climate area
I wont go into the quality of this product or the nutritional benefits as I think the 4.5 stars and the customer reviews speak for themselves. However, I think you will find the 54 oz for 20 bucks is the best deal on the Internet, especially when you buy two and choose the super saver shipping option. I would challenge anybody to find a better deal for pure coconut oil of the same quality
they give 1% of all profit off the top to charity and activism. Truly awesome company.
This is 100% organic, unrefined coconut oil.  Yes, it tastes like coconut, but it is supose to.  A food should taste like what it is! 
The nutritional value of this food is outstanding.  It contains a lot of lauric acid which is also found in mothers milk and is both antifungal and antimicrobial.  It is stable at room temperature and does not become rancid quickly like other popular cooking oils.  It requires very high heat to release free radicals (I do prefer red palm oil for high heat cooking options because it does not release free radicals at all).  
My Suggested Uses:  smoothies, slow cooked baked goods, sauteed foods, mixed with maple syrup over popcorn, homemade cosmetics, and as an occasional conditioner for dry ends of long hair. 
Love this.  Great substitute for shortening.  Keeps baked goods moister, and is excellent for cooking eggs and vegetables. 
I was pleasantly surprised that this product had pop-top lids. The chicken is packed in water, but not soupy. It was a pretty good buy, because I also bought another product and got a $10 discount on my $49 purchase. 
I actually bought this chicken to mix with my dogs' dry food from time to time. I was buying canned dog food, but it stank and I was finding shards of chicken bone in it. After reading about dog food ingredients on Paul Newman's "Newman's Own" website, I switched to his dry food. I have to mail order it, so I don't buy his canned food.
Despite the fact I bought it for the dogs, I did try a can of this myself. It was better than I expected. I was afraid it would have a funny taste to it from the can, but it didn't. It has an expiration date of 9 months from my purchase date.
The cats liked it, too, so I'm sure I'll be buying it again
I first had these in Alaska, and when I returned my taste buds couldn't stop thinking about them! They are a great alternative to "fast foods.
These are really great.  They are very sour when eaten alone, but amazingly good in cereal or oatmeal.  A great fruit to have on hand, especially when they are out of season
I love the way the fruit rehydrates in the milk in my breakfast cereal.  Absolutely delicious
I've been eating gluten-free for 5 or 6 years, and mostly made my own bread, cookies and crackers because GF food was hard to find and about as tasty as cardboard. Thank goodness for Nature's Path; their corn flakes are tasty (but don't make a good coating in recipes that call for "regular" cornflakes, sadly), I love the Panda Puffs and Koala Crisp (yes, I'm a grown-up and I eat these cereals), the kids love the Gorilla Munch, the Organic Crispy Rice Bars with peanut butter are a favorite, and these vanilla animal crackers don't last long in my house... even the non-celiacs love them! I haven't tried the other flavors, but these have a pleasant smell, a crunchy texture like a "real" animal cracker, are not crumbly or gritty, and have a nice cinnamon-y aftertaste. I buy these by the case
These are truly good gluten-free cookies.  We have recently made the switch over to a casein-free (milk free) gluten-free diet for the sake of my son.  He is already a picky eater, so I was worried about the transition.  These cookies provided him with a yummy replacement snack for snack time that competes with the snacks that are being served (ie in church school etc).  He is particularly enamored with them because they have kid-friendly animal imprints.  Being gluten free, they do tend to break more, which can be upsetting for young kids, but they taste so good, he has been able to overcome this fault and is even willing to eat the broken pieces. 
We use these pods for a youth group fundraiser at our church.  We consistently get comments on how great the coffee tastes.  I like how easy they are to use.  No mess, no tamping.  I am able to make drink after drink quickly and easily
over the course of one day while at my work desk. As other reviewers noted, they are light, buttery and delicious! I'm using the second box for homemade (sorta') ice crem sandwiches. They are so tasty they really are fine plain. Now I wished I had ordered several cases when they were on sale for $12, but maybe then I'd eat too many
Let me start by saying that I am a huge fan of all things swedish, from Lingonberries to salt cod to Lutefisk to those yummy red candy fish. When I saw that Jules Destrooper had invented yet another Swedish delectable, I could not wait for my package to arrive! 
After assaulting the UPS driver and absconding with my "butter waffles" (which are more like cookies), I went into my kitchen and sat down in my breakfast nook to eat them. A hearty glass of milk was all I needed to drench the entire box and consume it. In reality, I ended up saturating the cardboard box and must have eaten that as well, because when I was done there was nothing left save for some soggy nuggets stuck to my ceiling. I assume they are from my delicious waffles and not from my earlier experiment of stuffing a cornish game hen with popping corn to "make its own stuffing." I am still picking bits of hen from my bushy, inappropriately dark eyebrows.  
Also, some recipe ideas for these waffles include topping them with olives, tuna salad, anchovy and pretzel (an old Slavic favorite) and peanut butter. Sometimes I give these to the neighbor children when they behave themselves, and actually I have only given one out to one neighbor child. My neighbor's kids are usually misbehaving and absolutely do not deserve any of my tasty cookies! Anyway, it turns out the one kid I gave it to was actually a lawn jockey statue, which makes sense because my neighbors, the "Davenports," have very light skin. They are actually quite pasty and I am waiting for the day when one of them develops melanoma, because they are always out in the sun, in their pool, having a "heck of a time," under the sun's deadly rays, oblivious to the cellular damage they are inflicting on themselves. I prefer to stay inside during the daytime and nighttime hours, usually venturing from my house every fortnight to collect my mail. However, when I know a delivery of Jules Destrooper Butter waffles are arriving, I am on "high alert" and spring from my rascal mobility scooter whenever I hear a car door close. 
Overall, I LOVE these waffles. Buy them, and If you don't love them too, send them off to me!!
These butter waffles are very tasty- very light, yet rich and buttery.  They're hard to resist, couldn't help but eat a whole box.
Only downside is that it uses vanillin, rather than real vanilla.  However, it goes great with ice cream and fruits
From where I should start! From the amazing taste, the nice smell or the natural ingredients. Do you know? try it and tell me your opinion.
Valerian and Chamomile are blended with spearmint leaves, lemon grass, hawthorn berries and orange blossoms to create a delicious tea to savor late at night before you drift off into dreams. This tea is much more effective than regular Sleepytime and I can say this because my sleep cycle has been fairly regular with much fewer nights of tossing and turning. You may also find that your mood the next day is rather mild and you feel more relaxed in general. This could be due to getting a good night's sleep for a change or it could be that the valerian has a lasting effect. Valerian is a very effective herb if you can't get to sleep and this tea is highly recommended for insomnia. Unlike sleeping pills, you won't feel groggy the next morning. Blend in a little lavender or orange blossom honey to enhance this deliciously mild minty tea. 
~The Rebecca Review 
This product is a great evening tea to help you relax and gently eases you too sleep.  Before this I was taking harsh medicines like Tylenol PM's and such and always woke up feeling worse than before I went to bed!  Not with the tea!  Let me clarify, it will not knock you out, but just help to relax you
We've enjoyed this Sparkling Meyer Lemon juice enough that we've reordered it. We love the Sparkling Blood Orange and Cranberry juice combo but it's nice to have some variety. The Meyer lemon flavor comes through very clearly and is quite refreshing. We also like the light sparkling quality of the juice. This juice makes an excellent mixer for drinks.
I tried this drink with some friends and everybody loved it.  The Meyer Lemon is very distinct and has a great taste. essn Meyer Lemon makes the best lemon drop ever. I would highly recommend essn for your next event or party!!
Nice clean Meyer lemon flavor. These lemons are just a tad bitter and have more sweetness than any other lemon. Chefs LOVE using these lemons in recipes. This flavor also makes a great lemon drop
This is my favorite cereal ever. Since I started eating only organic, I picked this up one day and I love it. I eat it every morning for breakfast
One reviewer writes that these are Oreo crackers without the creme--and they are right! These thin Oreo crisp wafer type cookies by Nabisco are easy to pack for when you're on the run and just need a quick sugar infusion. They also make for snacking anytime of the day--or night--and they give you that great Oreo taste without actually using creme as an ingredient.
These crackers are cholesterol free and trans fat free--hooray!  There are only 100 calories in a serving and a serving contains only two grams of fat. They are baked crackers which helps make them healthier than other snacking choices including greasy French fries. These crackers somehow manage to give you the full Oreo taste experience while omitting the creme and a fair amount of the calories, too. Excellent!
These Oreo thin crisps come in six smaller packets which will be inside the box you buy. This makes them even more portable for both children and adults. Another advantage of the cookies coming in smaller packages inside the box is that you know that each packet has been pre-measured to contain only 100 calories. This way you can't accidentally eat too many and take in more calories than you wanted to have.
I notice that these crackers are made with cocoa. Please consult your doctor if you have any concerns about caffeine. Chocolate and cocoa could contain too much caffeine for you if you are sensitive to that. 
I recommend these crackers for persons on the go who want a quick snack. They should provide you with a sugar boost for quick energy. They make for a healthier alternative to other snack foods loaded with fat and/or cholesterol. 
Buy some and enjoy them today!           SMILES
makes an excellent cup of coffee with eye opening aroma and better yet profits from this fair-trade company are invested in an orphanage in the community where the beans are grown.  So drink a whole pot
Having tried Senseo pods, Millstone, etc.  I was surprised that good old Folgers is just as good and in some cases better than Senseo's newer flavors.  While made for the Home Cafe these fit Senseo coffee makers and give you a good cup for a lot less than the more upscale brands
These are great and taste just like the real thing
Never guess these are wheat free!  Whole family loves them.  Will continue to purchase
Product arrived when it was supposed and exactly as in the ad.  I'm glad I ordered item
If you have a small child who is hard to get to bed at night, put them in a routine. Make them some sleepytime before bed (you can add splenda or honey to make the tea sweeter). This will calm thier nerves and make for a restfull night of sleep. This has also shown to me to prevent a fight from a child who does not want to go to bed. With a cup or two of this tea they should be off to sleepyland. 
This tea does have a distinct taste which can be hard for some to get used to. I add honey or splenda to my tea to calm the bitter taste down. This tea is like chammomile - with little to no taste. So you'll need to add lemon juice or honey to make this tea taste good.
This tea can also calm you after a hard days of work if you've been over worked or stressed out.
I give this tea to friends and loved ones who are going through stress, or issues to remind them to relax
This Kenya blend is a mild but very tasteful coffee. No burned taste at all and it has become my favorite
Good servive. faor price. this coffee could be a bit stronger to my tast
I don't know a whole lot about coffee, but I do know that I really like the taste of this. Some of the Senseo coffees I have tried have been chemically and harsh (specifically some of the flavored ones) and required a lot of cream and sugar to become palatable. This however, requires just a drop of cream and less than a single pack of sugar. The flavor is a little bit weaker when it first hits your tongue as a result, but it strengthens over the next 5-10 seconds. It never gets overpowering, but it is very pleasant. If you need a quick boost of caffeine, then you can drink it fast without killing your tongue. If you want to sip it, then you might want to make it a little bit stronger than they recommend, but it is still very good
As with all Newman's Own products, you find great quality with what you've purchased, and also good value. Paul Newman has given over $150 million in thousands of charaties worldwide, since the establishing of the Newman's Own line. One box of these raisins is 130 calories, with zero fat & cholestrol. It's a good "healthy snack" to have around and enjoy from time to time
My kids love these lollipops!  So does my husband!  The flavors are great and they are the perfect size - not too big and not too small.  
They taste better than the other artificial ones you find at the grocery stores
These are the best tasting lollipops you will ever have.  Because of my 2 year olds food allergies I discovered these and now her doctors office is purchasing them, even the hospital my husband works at.  These are allergy free and amazing!!!!!!!!
I've been making holiday turkeys for over 30 years.  This year for the first time I used Turkey Perfect...and without a doubt this was the best, moistest, most flavorful turkey I've ever done.  I told a friend about this product; she called me to rave about her absolutely delicious turkey.  Even relatives who don't really like turkey went back for seconds...and thirds...  For the first time ever we had NO turkey leftovers this year
This soup is delicious!  Unfortunately it makes a bit much for one person, but it is a good leftover.  Very tasty
We really like these. The lemon flavor is heavenly. The cookies are crisp and light... VERY VERY good
I was introduced to these when I bought a can at a Big Lots store and found that they were so good that I went on line and bought a case. I highly recommend this brand to anyone liking sardines. Stan Re
Small, no sugar, a bit harsh tasting (might end up better diluted a bit with club soda).  This is pretty well true of the four I have tried.  
But in some ways the harsh tasting is good--the 12 pack can be doled out at one per day per person.
Does act as herbal medicine?  I have no idea.
But it's very nice to have a treat that I don't really want to consume all of in one sitting.  Like, for instance, Gummy Bears.
We bought these because there was an online coupon for them.  My children (ages 11 and 14) take lunches to school and I was looking for something beyond the usual chip choices.  The price was right and with the free shipping when going over $25, it was hard to resist.  The fries are light and airy, like a thin cheeto but with a more delicate flavor.  They are a nice change and we're really enjoying them
I love these things. Amazon is the only place I found to order these Cheddar Fries. The 1 oz. bag is the perfect snack size, especially for those on WW. Each 1 oz. bag is 3 points. Not bad for a "junk food" snack!! Awesome price and fast delivery
This is a really delicious, natural alternative to other frosted flake types of cereal, and you cannot beat the Amazon price
The other review was strictly from a nutritional standpoint, and did not address taste.  Where I agree nutrition is very important, when you have a child with celiac disease, or food allergies, finding something that they will like to eat is a huge challenge!!  This cereal is excellent for taste & consistancy, and it is gluten free! If you need something for breakfast before school, give them this and a multivitamin! 
This is a good granola. I like that it has lots of seeds with the grainy things, and a few nuts tossed in. Nice taste. Thanks to Amazon for carrying so many gluten free items! Makes like so much easier!!
This granola is delicious.  Being that it's gluten free is a bonus since it's so hard to find acceptable healthy foods within that diet.  But my family can eat whatever they want, and they couldn't stop eating it! The cranberries bring a wonderful touch of sweetness to the nuts and crunchies. This is a great treat to keep with you when you want a more substantial snack
I feel better serving this mac & cheese than all the others out there - no artificial colors or flavors, and it tastes great!  Cheese sauce is on the salty side, so i throw a bit of my own pasta in with the shells to cut sodium content.   
I would have never bought this stuff but a friend was making it one day and I tried some. It was sooo good. 
I had always just made Craft* before this stuff but now I'd say I eat this just as much. It's a great way to change up the normal macaroni taste. And did I mention it's really good too. It's kinda salty tasting with a creamy white cheddar texture. My favorite is when you get a noodle full of undistributed cheese..MMMMM. I also love it because it's organic. With each day of my life I'd say i'm eating smarter and this product was the next step in my plan. I can't wait to try out the other flavors and different products.
I'd like to see this being sold in Ralphs market soon. As of now I can only find it in Vons/Safeway
Tastes very good in my oppinion and in the oppionons of two of my friends who tried this product too. Not exceptionally great (hence the 4 stars) but good enough to enjoy eating. Big pieces of meat and plenty of it. Plus it's all natural including the beef which was not from hormone-fed cows, which is also important in my oppinion. Would buy again
I loved the taste, but the beef was quite dry.  It's very easy to heat up, and probably would be great for a college student as an emergency meal
If it were not for the fact that these nuts were not packaged properly they would be rated at least a 5.  I called the manufacturer and they told me it must have been at the factory.  They were not full cans.  None were full to the top but two of the cans were not even half full.  The manufacturer sent me two coupons for the two cans that were about half full. I felt the whole order should have been replaced but two cans is better than none.  As I said, the product was excellent, but I would not spend the money again to possibly get the quantity I got.
Well all I can say is "nuts to that".
Gail Napolitan
I love orange-pineapple. Had these before getting more from Amazon. These are great as expected! 
Orange Pineapple has been my favorite flavor for years. When it's out of stock at my local supermarket, I go out and look for it.
It's the best
The beautiful cobalt blue package contains deep, dark, shiny coffee beans that release a rich and robust flavor, ideal for the real coffee lover.  The price can't be beat for organic coffee of this quality.  I will continue to buy it from Amazon.com.
I had read other's reviews about how great this coffee was, but I was using another coffee that I thought was really wonderful.  I tried this one and now I am hooked.  It is wonderful if you like bold coffee, which I do.  I also like the fact that it is Organic.  I don't drink a lot of coffee each day, but the cup or two I have, I want to be great.  Just wish they had a decaf for my evening coffee
This coffee is awesome!  The aroma and taste are like a little bit of heaven for a french roast aficionado like me!  The price is great and the shipping is quick.  I am  really glad to see that it is organic as well.  This sure leaves that pricey brand in the dust
None of that super-sugared [candied] dried fruit or flat tasting candy [e.g., chocolate] chips to mess up a yummy, but healthy snack. Don't get me wrong, I LOVE chocolate--the darker the better--but what they put in trail mixes is worse than nothing. If I want candy, I'll buy the good stuff. 
Thanks, Amazon. My local market no longer carries it
This has the perfect blend of sweet and salty combination without the guilt
I don't normally review items, but I had to write something on this because all of these "it's too salty" comments are driving me crazy. These are hardly salty at all.
There is far more salt in potatoe chips or popcorn or basically any other snack food. My bag says its only 8% of your daily sodium, which is much lower than you would think from the comments people are leaving. I'm a man, so I personally think these could use MORE salt
I used to love Just Corn but I like this brand even better. I agree they could cut the salt a bit, but I think some salt is a nice compliment to the corn
This is my new obsession. I am a voracious snacker. I love corn on the cob. This tastes JUST like it. Only 70 calories per package. I never thought I'd be writing a review about corn, but I like it. I am going to try the other varities of this line
Delicious and crunchy with a slightly sweet blueberry flavor. Healthy ingredients - no added refined sugar and no wheat. Great product
These only take 1 minute to make, the noodles are already expanded as in NOT DRY - They taste great and I dont feel like I just ate fast food when I finish one of them.. or two :
This Annie Chun's udon soup is very easy to prepare. I don't think the first step is necessary either. Just add the water to the noodles and dried vegetables, cover it with the lid and microwave it for about 3 1/2 minutes. Add the sauce packet. The noodles loosen up after you stir it. If you what a more filling soup, add meat/vegetables. My kids and I really love this soup! I just purchased more from Amazon, because it's a better buy here than at the grocery store
I started to love Annie Chun's udon soup in March 2007. Although it was on my AMAZON GROCERY LIST for many months cause i read a very bad review from a guy that did not know what is great. I just ordered many A. Chun's soup noodle bowls. And i will order more again in future. Annie Chun is a cute and talented woman and she is the 1st Asian female that i admired and read her story about her soup noodle for second time on Amazon.com  
Ever feel like you want that "little something" with your tea or coffee, but you abstain because you're on a diet?  That was a problem for me, at least.  I've been trying to avoid white sugar and white flour in an effort to lose weight.  Well, just when I'd about given up finding a suitably healthy alternative, along came Dr. Kracker spelt muesli crackers!  They are all natural, contain no white flour or sugar, DO have some dried fruit for that right amount of sweetness that makes them satisfying as an accompaniment for coffee or tea!  Highly recommended
Was visiting my daughter and found these wonderful, habit-forming, crunchy with a hint of sweet crackers - I don't want to eat anything else now!  Hope I can get them where I live in NY soon
Everyone of us usually loves to make a fresh cup of coffee in the morning. Nevertheless, getting the best quality filters are definitely the biggest hastle for your coffeemaker. These Melita Cone #2 coffee filter are one of the best made filters around. They are woven tight, and completely seperate the ground coffee from spilling into your carafe, or your mug if you use Melita's Perfect Brew mug coffee makers. I like these a whole lot because they really help make the best coffee around. If you want to make a great cup of coffee, than you'll definitely want to get some of the best filters available. I definitely suggest you buy these #2 Coffee Filters. It is a definite buy, so drink up!
Price: B+
Quality: A-
Overall: B+
This is decent rice with a lemony herb flavor that is pleasant. It's a bit heavier than fresh cooked or frozen rice but works great in a rushed day
He did not know if he would but he loves them. Great for a quick snack or a snack to go. Please don't quit selling these. Glad we bought them and will buy more
These are yummy vegan treats, but they are kinda small for 120 calories and 4.5 grams of fat.  But they are a good snack
They taste so great I had to limit how many my kids could eat each day.
Having to get a mindset and change eating habits due to health issues, has proved to be a challenge, but with so many snacks that can be had that are actually good for you and that taste good, it has been pretty easy. This item for one, we LOVE!!! What they are not: Airy, super sweet, empty calories. What they are: Please read the nutritonal chart (so I don't have to type it all out,) the sodium level is a good choice for those that have to limit salt intake. Calories are not outrageous. They have a slight taste of caramel that comes from the rice syrup/peanut butter. They were not overly gooey. They are a bit more weighty than the 'others', but it's because there is some substance here. We have learned to eat and enjoy our food at a slower pace so one will suffice vs 2-3 of the 'others' we use to scarf down in one sitting.....I give 5 stars as product was in date, tasted fresh, has a GOOD taste, nutrition worthy, packaged conveniently.
Just like all the other Betty Lou's products I've tried (and become hooked on) these are delicious.  Individually wrapped, they are a convenient and nutritious treat to take anywhere.  So good
Even non-celiac people should switch over. Here's an amazing gravy for chicken or pork chops. Try it next time and serve next to mashed potatoes: 2c. water and 1/2c. mix. Bring to gentle boil over high heat. Remove from heat immediately. Stir in 1/4c sour cream. Pour over meat, browned in a skillet. Simmer on lowest heat until meat is cooked through, turning and stirring often to prevent skorching. Hmmmm. I'm getting hungry
I've been gluten free for 5 years (due to my son, 1-1/2 personally).  I always had trouble duplicating my favorite casseroles because of them needing cream of mushroom soup, concentrated.  With this mix, I mix double the amount to the water, so each container makes 3 instead of 6, and it tastes just as good as the gluten variety!  I haven't tried it as just a soup, but it's the only thing I'll use in casseroles
I have used this cake mix many, many times.  The first time my daughter made it for me for my birthday.  She said she thought it would be difficult to make it with a hand mixer but was a "snap" with my large stand mixer.  I have since made it many times and it is a favorite for birthday parties in our office even though I am the only gluten-free person.  I add fresh orange juice and peel instead of the vanilla and serve it with strawberries or fresh fruit and whip cream...yummy
I HATE to bake, but this cake is so easy to make.  I didn't have the problems the others did, and I followed the directions on the box.  However, I have a very old and POWERFUL stand mixer.  I beat it on the highest setting and this cake comes out great.  I feel horrible that the others didn't get this cake to work - it really is incredible.  I frost it with a light frosting and serve it with strawberries.  Everyone loves it!  I am the only person in my house on the gluten-free diet, and the others (husband and 4 children) think it is the best.  The only difference I have noticed is that it isn't as high as a betty crocker cake mix, but it is light and fluffy.  You really need a stand mixer to make this, but it is QUICK, easy and tasty.  My stove is also older and the temp is a little hot.  For gluten free baking I turn it down 25 degrees and bake everything a little longer.  But, my mom uses this mix and hasn't had any mishaps.  She has a newer stove and follows the cooking temp and time on the box.  By all means, if it is not at the right stage (soft peak, if I remember correctly), beat it longer than the box instructs. 
This stuff is great...and we can't find it in our grocery store in Galveston Co. Texas. Now I don't have to wait until we fly to the Northwest! Very cool
Love this stuff.  Great for adding invisible fiber supplements to as well.  No after taste at all
These are great! Very smooth and yummy.  The only thing is I think they are a little to sweet for me.  I just add a little more coffee and a tad of milk, then they're perfect!
I'll buy them again for sure
I am a big fan of Coffee.  Other than water it's all I drink. 
So when I found this I had to run with it. It's cheaper than red Bull, has more power than it. It's better for you than red bull, and it has a nice flavor that does not leave an aftertaste.
My frig is stocked with as I type!
Both bags that I received were quite tender and had great flavor.  Not too sweet and not too spicy.  I will definately be ordering some more.  My dog "Mr Doodles" also loves it
This was a  very tender jerky. It's not the kind that wrenches at your teeth. If you're looking for hard-core jerky, look elsewhere.
Back in my youth, I used to love that sort of thing. But with the sensitive teeth I have now, I need to show a little discretion. This jerky was great. It was tasty. It had a little heat which I appreciated. The only drawback were the spice. There's something really hard in the spice mix that nearly broke my teeth on more than one occasion.
There's 2 bags, but it went fast. It was that good
After reading that Bentley's has the finest Ceylon teas in the world, I decided to give this as a Christmas gift to my husband.  He says it is the best tea he's ever had, and since he is somewhat of a tea connoisseur, I would consider that a compliment.  The box is beautiful, and it makes a lovely presentation
This drink mix is really good. It tastes just like other drink mixes, but is only five calories. It is definately a good choice. They also have other flavors such as: Lemonade, Peach Tea, Raspberry Ice, Pink Lemonade, and more
This Mac & Cheese is really creamy without tasting processed and it has the right amount of salt. Very good product overall
This is real Italian espresso ,the best you can find on the market. If you have an espresso machine and know how to use it then you got it made...Rich flavor and sweet at the same time ...I've known this product all my life growing in italy ...Excellent ...The very best
I love the pod idea...makes cleaning so much easier. This is perfect for a quick shot of espresso after dinner. Excellent
Wow, no wonder you can't get this anymore.  They probably can't make them fast enough.  This is such an unusual gift set.  The pot is so cute as well as being a nifty display item.  The teas are all individually packaged and ones that you wouldn't find anywhere else.  Makes you want to drink tea all day.  The box that it comes in (as well as the individual tea box) is reuseable and so pretty.  I hope that this item is offered for sale again soon, as I would buy a dozen of these to keep on hand for gifts...and maybe one for myself!!
This is a great way to try the teas before you buy them in any type of quantity.  The pot brews about 3 cups of tea.  I don't drink the tea often - I prefer to have it as an infrequent treat to keep the experience special.  I will update my review as I try the different teas.
The dragon lily tasted wonderful, but the flower was really ugly.  However, I did buy a box of this tea and when I brewed it, the flower was more colorful and appealing.  I was able to steep this flower 4 times for 12 cups.  Although I admit that the last three cups didn't have as strong a flavor.
Starlight rose was disappointing.  The flower never changed appearace, just got bigger.  The flavor was strong and left my mouth feeling pasty.
Flower Jewel
Lavender Dream
Emerald Sun
Jade Fortune
Jasmine Pearls unwind to become long, thin leaves.  The scent is heavenly.  The taste is not quite as dramatic, but still good.  I used approximately 1 pearl for each cup of tea to brew it (3 pearls per pot).
Black Beauty
Midnight Peony
This is an incredible set for tea, and some incredible tea.  At more than half the price it is a nice organic store you might find it at (no offense to organic stores, but a %200 mark up is a little much).  this tea is the best ive ever had, great for a gift as well, id get one for yourself and a couple for birthdays and whatever comin up
Great for Novelty gifts. But don't give it to true tea lovers!!! Different kinds of flowering Tea look great & very entertaining to watch bloom, but taste pretty crummy. I would say most of them taste somewhere between stale and tasteless.  Nevertheless, it's a nice gift because of the experience, and the cool box & glass pot you get to keep
A great alternative to the junk-filled mainstream variety.  I am hoping they come out with a "regular" flavor as well as the chocolate
When my kids started kindergarten they needed to pack a lunch everyday. My wife realized that this was a teaching opportunity about nutrition, making the right choices, and responsibility.
Each day the kids pack their own lunches from Lunch Box Central. Each lunch must contain a protein (usually yogurt), a grain (some form of cracker or grain filled bar), and a fruit (apple, banana, or fruit cup).
EnviroKidz Organic Crispy Rice Bars are a staple in Lunch Box Central. They're convenient, the kids enjoy them, and they're a reasonably healthy choice.
The kids are happy, they're learning, and they're eating well. My wife is pretty smart
Great taste and value!  It taste best with a high quality honey!  A must for tea drinkers
Certainly there are more expensive teas, but I've yet to have a better cup than Twinings Earl Grey, which is a perfect blend of comfort and spice.  It works brilliantly as a "Good morning, how do you do," or a "Rest well, sweet dreams" sort of a beverage.  
Many other Earl Greys on the market struggle with the proper blending of the bergamot oil, which can be quite overwhelming if overdone; but, it is what makes Earl Grey unique, so one does want to be able to taste it.  Too many other tea companies cannot seem to grasp this delicate balance, but Twinings has always gotten it just right.  
The tea can be enjoyed au naturel or with a slight dash of cream...not too much, because you don't want to drown out the enjoyable, lively flavor of the bergamot.  
For me, when it comes to a cup of hot tea, this is simply the best.
I love this popcorn and this was such a bargin price compared to store price. Thanks Amazon!!!
I love this popcorn... but can't find it locally. Thank goodness I found it online so I can still get it
It is so good to taste popcorn that tastes as if it were taken right out of a pot of boiling water, buttered and salted to taste.  The smell of corn on the cob runs throughout the house.  Great summer smell all year long
This spread is way too good!  My husband and I have both tried spreading it on toast, but it really stands alone.  I like to eat it just straight out of the jar.  The spread is a perfect blend of flavors.  If you have a sweet tooth, and don't always have other sweets on hand, a spoon of this stuff will satisfy all your cravings.  Unfortunately, this spread has no nutritional value to speak of, so I doubt I will order it again.  6 jars is plenty for us.  You have to order it at least once, though!
Very good - not a rich dessert by any means, but a healthy, filling snack. My kids really like them, and while they aren't low-calorie or really low-fat, it isn't full of sugar, and it contains "healthy" fat. The 5-grams of protein per serving really help with making you feel full
I love the iced jasmine tea at our local Vietnamese restaurant. In fact, every Vietnamese restaurant seems to serve the same wonderful tea. I have tried many different brands tyring to find one like the one served in Vietnames restaurants--light in color, a light tea taste, and a strong jasmine taste and scent. I finally found my brand
I disagree with the other review that this tea has an unbearable scent.  I would say that the jasmine scent is strong, but not overpoweringly so.  If you brew it according to the producer's recommendation (steep it for 60-90 seconds), the result is good to great.  The tea is very soothing and the jasmine taste is very comforting.  The only knock is perhaps it leaves a little bit of an aftertaste, especially when the tea is cold.
I do not understand about the other reviewer's fascination with packaging,  a bag of tea is a bag of tea is a bag of tea.  Who really cares what is printed on the tab?  Anyways, I have been drinking this tea daily and I am ready to shop for another can when this one runs out.
Recommended to: People looking for decent tasting white tea.  Not recommended to: people particularly sensitive to the scent and taste of jasmine.  
I just bought some of this Golden Nut Crunch from Planter's last week and I snack on it at work... it is really one of the best trail mixes I have had before.  I love it.  It lasts a while also.. it lasted me about 4 days at work just snacking on it periodically.  I would definitely recommend this snack.. It's healthy too
I Love These Bars! I highly recommend these for a quick breakfast on the way to work
Considering you get at least twice as much jerky per dollar than the other brands out there this is a good pick.  I didn't find any grit in it.  It might have a few pieces that are tougher but not really even that tough.  This is a good deal
Our family loves these balls.  They are very similar in taste and texture to the cheddar Pirate booty, maybe a little crunchier.  They're by no means healthy for you but you feel  a little less guilty, no fake orange coloring etc.
These cookies do not taste like they ever saw the inside of a box. They taste like real butter and fresh ingredients - And they just about melt in your mouth. I'll be buying these again
I've tried the Andy Capp HOT FRIES, REG CHEDDAR, and WHITE CHEDDAR. These HOT FRIES are the best. They're the best of the 3 products and best all on their own! I'm getting addicted to them (ordered a second carton before finishing the first). Definitely nicely HOT -- that's part of the addictive quality. And an enjoyable to eat with the good underlying corn flavor and non-greasy crispness that I like about the Andy Capp products
This seller shipping was very quick and the product was perfect! I highly recommend this seller
My wife hates hot food, but for some reason, loves hot fries.  If her salsa has the tiniest spice, she won't eat it, yet these mouth-burning beasts are her favorite snack.  They are sometimes hard to find - having them by the case helps solve that problem.  The size offered here is the size that you will normally find (around here at least) printed with the 99c price, so you can also figure the price savings, somewhere around, what, 40%?  Wow
Pacific Foods Beef Stew is wonderful for hot lunches at work inexpensively; the all organic ingredients make the Pacific Foods very tasty and filling!  Way to g
These things are so satisfying on many levels. Chewy, crunchy, sweet but not too, just the right size, with whey protein for energy which is the best source there is. All that and organic peanut butter and organic agave syrup too. I am so happy I have a whole tub of them
These peanut butter balls not only taste great but they are good for you.  My daughter has celiac disease so foods like these are really blessings in our life.  I have eaten these when I did not have time for lunch.  They are filling and energizing and taste delicious.  You can't ask for more than that!
Let me count the ways.
They're great for a quick energizing snack/ breakfast/ healthy dessert, and tonight I even had one for dinner.  They are delicious and you feel good about eating them because they're good for you!
Plus you get a lot of bang for a deceptively tiny ball... they're very filling and only about 200 calories.
GENIUS
high quality, refined balance and intriguing flavor. two thumbs up form people who like to cook
I thought this was great but it just wasn't as competitively priced as I would have hoped for buying a case from Amazon. So delicious, though. When I make it for people, they can't believe it's a mix
This frosting is GREAT! It tastes good and has a wonderful consistency IF you use room temp margerine and mix for a little longer than stated. It actually tastes almost fluffy. The vanilla is good...but the chocolate is the best I've every had HANDS DOWN and I have no allergies! This product is a easy and convient for those of us who have children with food allergies, and all his friends enjoyed it at school
I thought these were amazing.  My favorite is the Socorro blend.  A review said they were soggy, but I'm not sure what they mean.  They are very crisp with nice and chewy fruit.  Despite the fruit, they aren't sweet but the sweet in the fruit really balances out the hotness of the other seasoning.  
As for the price, these are expensive nuts and high quality ingredients.  The flavors are unusual, but perfect.  I am defiantly going to order more
Unusual and fresh tasting. I really, really enjoyed these nut blends. I will definitely order them again
Sahale snacks were a pleasant surprise.  They're not over-sweet nor over-hot, and they've got a lot of flavor and texture.  Over all I'd say they're among the best snacks you can buy, not only in terms of taste and freshness but because they're far healthier than a lot of the stuff you find on the grocery shelves.  However the price is pretty high for the amount you get.  Even at the substantially reduced price of the variety pack, it's a little high.  However, for the occasional treat, it's well worth the price.  It's just not the sort of snack you can dump into a bowl and pass around while watching movies
I am ordering more of these goodies.  They are not only delicious and top quality, they are the most interesting assortment I have ever had, and are great for my sensitive stomach too!  VERY EXCELLENT PRICE AS WELL!
I'm placing my second order for the variety pack because I liked every flavor and appreciated the variety. All have a sensational blend of flavors--spicy, sweet, salty--without being overpowering. Truly delicious and healthy munchables. I'm so glad I decided to try out a package in my supermarket.
What a deal! Great tasting treat at a good price! I will definetly be ordering other flavors and Killarney again too
Arrived in 4 days.  Best price I've found.  Flavorful coffee
As a very frugal spender, I had observed this new design of coffee making in the stores and thought the process made sense - so I was ecstatic to receive an email of a promotion one day, I drove many miles to save some bucks and continue to be pleased beyond belief with every new kind of coffee we try.  We didn't like the competing cheaper brands but we find Douwe Egbert's Senseo brands consistently delicious.  The flavors are subtle enough that we don't feel we're drinking a cup of chemicals.  If you like strong coffee, then stick to the 4 oz per pod suggestion.  If that seems strong or bitter, we find we can get 2 or 3 more ounces from the pod and be very pleased.  For the first time in my 30 year marriage, my husband doesn't make a point of commenting on the delicious coffee everytime we eat out - finally we have predictable great coffee at home.  Being able to serve guests their choice of tea, flavors, or caffeine and have everyone enjoy the first cup out is  a wonderful benefit
If you are looking for a healthy, high-fiber cereal that tastes good and doesn't have too much sugar - this is it!  I love this stuff
The product is pretty good, but is only 10 calories less that the Optimum Power, which has blueberries in it.  It is a healthy and fairly satisfying cereal, but not my favorite
Great nutrition profile for the calories involved. The different textures make for a healthy ORGANIC snack
The Back to Nature Graham Sticks, Honey are delicious! They are a great tasty snack. There's no way you can eat 'em without a cup of milk. Not because they're rich, but they're a little on the dry side. I still like them so much that I quit buying them at the supermarket & started buying them in bulk [...
These are wonderful cookies! However, the reason I couldn't give a full 5 stars was because so many of the boxes in the case had a lot of crumbled cookies. The boxes were not damaged in any way, so I am guessing they could have been packaged that way. Not cool! Otherwise, they are much better tasting than oreos in my opinion. I'll never go back to those
These cookies are great.  My kids love them.  I saved a bundle by ordering the case.  Beware though, I also ordered the peanut butter flavor in July06 and when they arrived at the end of July the expiration date on the case was Aug06.  I didn't have any problems with the classic.  The expiration date was Nov or Dec I can't remember off hand
My family prefers the blue agave to the lighter colored and sweeter agaves.  We use it to make raw truffles (sooo good) and on top of pancakes and waffles, cereal, rice pudding, etc.  We had no problems with shipments leaking so far
By far... the best, no after tastes and will not spike your blood surgar levels, worth every penny
Because of health problems, I've had to give up sugar.  The agave organic sweetener in my morning cup of coffee has been a perfect substitute.  I also use it with cereals and any other food or drink where I used to use sugar.
Thank you, Blue Agave
This is a great product for a mother of five.   It made my mornings and some snack times wonderful.    
Thanks 
My kids and I love the variety of cereals this assorted package has. Comes with a bowl ready-to-eat in, plus you can recycle the bowl
I bought this to simplify our morning routines and save them from pouring large bowls and throwing it away. The kids loved the choices. The only downside was the portions were extremely small, even for my 4 year old. On average they ate two a day
This case offers a great variety of favorite cereals for everyone, but this is not for 2 people. The cereal went stale before we could eat it, but this would be great for a large family
I recently have become more health conscious and am trying to eat more organic foods, staying away from hydrogenated oils, corn syrup, etc. You know, all the stuff that makes you fat:) This jerky is a great & healthy LowFat snack!! It tastes so amazing you'll never go back to any previously bought brand of jerky again..I LOVE Jerky and have tried many different brands..this jerky is well worth every penny and I'll keep coming back for more..thanks AMAZON for making it affordable
This is the perfect tea for breakfast or any time of the day. Numi's Yunnan Black tea has a distinctive aroma with a strong apricot top-note fortified by a nice oaky, grassy base. The brewed tea flavor is clean and yet complex, slightly rich. There is a an very slight edge of tannin which perfectly contrasts the subtle woodsy and floral flavors. Excellent with a dash of cream. Unfortunately Numi does not list the amount of caffeine it contains on the box. It appears to have less caffeine than the usual English breakfast from its effect on this taster.
Numi gets points for their manufacturing process and packaging. The boxes containing their tea is made from 100% recycled paperboard from 100% post-consumer waste--they assert that by using such packaging materials they save 2,040 trees, reduce landfill by 131,200, and prevent 184,000 greenhouse emissions. Numi uses only 100% natural ingredients without added oils or "natural flavorings"
This is the best frosting I have ever had, and I don't have food allergies. I used it on the gluten free Cherrybrook cupcakes and my son's teacher pulled me aside to tell me how wonderful they were. She also send people to me for the "recipe". I love all the Cherrybrook products, but this is my favorite
Full-flavored and smooth. Lingering winey aftertastes--never bitter.  Tolerates higher concentrations very well, actually enhancing body and complexity of flavors.  Those who are unfamiliar with bean coffee should be reminded to use about 1/3 more, by volume, to get the same amount, by weight, as with pre-ground coffees.
These might appease your sweet tooth while providing excellent nutrition in a 200 calorie natural food bar. They are not overly chocolately like those chocolate covered protein bars: the bar has delicious chocolate throughout with a terrific crunch of sesame, flax, and sunflower seeds. I'm hypoglycemic and they are perfect to keep in the car for the quick pick up to prevent the need for glucose and a true crisis. I highly recommend. Oh, I have ordered both from Nutiva and from Amazon: Amazon is less expensive and faster delivery
*****
This Bedtime Tea from Yogi Tea is an caffeine-free herbal tea that is relaxing and a natural sleep aid. Bedtime Tea is made from organic licorice root, organic spearmint leaf, organic chamomile flower, organic skullcap leaf, organic cardamom seed, organic cinnamon bark, organic St. John's Wort leaf & flower, organic rose hips, natural orange flavor, valerian root extract, organic raspberry leaf, organic English lavender flower, stevia leaf, and passion flower extract. The taste is mild, delicious, herb-y, and very slightly sweet. It is subtle and lovely.
I am definitely impressed with this tea and with Yogi Teas in general. Bedtime Tea comes with an expiration date (a good thing, because it's not full of preservatives, plus you can tell if it is fresh). Yogi Tea seems to be another company (like Numi, Aspen, Traditional Medicinals) that values sustainable and healthy practices. Their web site has a helpful glossary of tea ingredients and is beautifully designed, with info about each tea they make.
There is a warning on the box that this tea is not to be used during pregnancy or while nursing. If you are taking MAO inhibitors or other prescription drugs, you should consult your physician or health care professional before use. There are no other cautions or warnings on the box except the standard disclaimer that the tea is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
Best of all, it works...I love drinking it before bed to relax and drift off into blissful sleep. This is a great tea that I highly recommend.
****
Tastey and straong for a bag tea. It really works as a sleep aid. It does have ingredents that may aggravate sensitive people
I highly recomend this product to those who are able to use herbal treatments. It helped me greatly in getting a more sound sleep
There are all kinds of things that I will eat for health's sake, but my husband is more taste-oriented. There are a lot of energy bars etc that he won't eat, but he loves these
My family and my healthfood store lady all say this is one of the best of Betty Lou's Nut Butter Balls.  I do not have any problems at all with the taste, in fact, it beats the heck out of the coconut ones which are extremely sweet.  Yes, they look green in the middle, but we found the taste rather "clean" and refreshing...not overbearing.
You will also enjoy the "lift" in your energy level these spirulina/ginseng balls provide.  Now that I know about these little guys, I am getting ready to buy TONS for Christmas gifts!  We would not be without them anymore. :-
This cereal taste delicious, the chocolate pieces are not supper sweet and the chocolate is rather dark which goes well with the cereal
We enjoyed this coffee.  However, decaf may still contain some caffeine.  I was watching a news report about disturbed sleep studies and the medical staff at the center stated that not all caffeine is eliminated in decaf.  Good to know if you have trouble sleeping or with the jitters. 
This is an excellant product. Cooks up very well, great with  any sauces,mac'n cheese, and also makes a fantastic macaroni salad.  The price from Amazon was really a bargain as all gluten free foods are so very, very expensive. I just wish we didn't have to buy so many packages as storage becomes a problem
Nothing like this in the usual grocery stores. Splenda-sweetened to help keep the calories down. Great texture and just plain good!  I want to try the other flavors soon
THE CEREAL IS DELICIOUS.  I PUT HALF OF A BANANA IN IT.  IT IS FULLING FOR ME. IT IS LOW IN CARBS AND NO SUGAR.  I AM PRE-DIABETIC.  MY SUGAR COUNT IS VERY GOOD WITH THIS.  I WILL NEED THEM AGAIN SOON
Don't think I'm weird, but essentially, the only thing I have at all to eat, regardless of what time, is Nature's Path cereal. 
the Heritage collection is my favorite. Wholesome, filling, crunchy, PERFECT
Hearty, great-tasting cereal. Has a whole grain flavor. Originally looked at it because of lower carbs than other cereals (which is better for my reduced carb diet). But it has quickly become a favorite cereal and buying six boxes at a time through Amazon.com nets out at a lower cost per box than buying it at local grocery stores.
This is one of my favorite cereals! It appears to be nutritionally superior to the Heritage O's and less crunchy. 
The only downside to this cereal is that it doesn't keep me full for long. I feel like an hour later, I'm hungry again. I've combated this by adding banana slices or blueberries to add some bulk to my bowl in hopes of more lasting power. 
An upside to the 'downside' is that this makes a terrific between meals snack! I have no problem with polishing off all six boxes in a timely manne
i'm happy with the product and the swiftness of the delivery....for sure i will be ordering again very soo
These are my most favorite of all the Smart Monkey Bars and raw bars in general. The best part is they are not dehydrated so they still have the live water content. Try to stay away from too much dehydrated food. I'm an avid raw foodist. I absolutely love these. I can eat three in a row
It is hard to believe all you do is add water, and then enjoy the best mustard.
This is the best mustard I have ever had in my life!  Prepared mustard you buy in the store doesn't even come CLOSE to this mustard when you make it according to the directions on the container! Strong hint of horseradish caught me off guard at first, but I love horseradish, so this mustard is the best!  I will never buy prepared mustard from the staore again!  Thank you
This is THE best mac and cheese on the market. Just try it. Its rich and creamy, and all organic and as healthy cheese and pasta can possibly be.
Amazon also has a very reasonable price on this to stock your pantry
My son literally shakes with delight when I offer him this snack.  Its also a healthy alternative to other fruit snacks out there so it keeps mom happy too
Tin container not laced in the plasic crap..  The tea is very stonge and not a mixture so you have to add flavors too it but it taste good plain too and is very strong.  Taste wise it's stonge with an inner spice like taste in it if you drink your tea how your supposed to -- not a gulper - chuckle.  It was less than what I thought from the other reviewer but it is so strong you don't need as much and I'd still have to say it's a great deal.  Just add a twist of your favorite herb like orange peal or ginger and this can be the making of a great exotic tea but the only thing it's missing is the organic seal of quality and then it gets 5 stars for proving it's grown under kosher conditions which is very important.  The tins are very nice to look at and I hate to thow them away.  Obviously they put a lot of pride in the product
I was a little hesitent to make a big order for so much tea, not knowing if I would like it.  So I went to a local supermarket and bought a tin there so I might give it a taste test.  This is quite a good green tea.  Other than buying generic green teabags, I usually buy a Bancha tea. This tea is not as grassy, more bold with a slight smokey taste and more of a kickiness to it.
The cannisters are nice and their is an inside foil liner to keep the tea fresh.  The only thing to be aware is that this is a lot of tea, altogether 21 ounces divided into six separate cannisters. Unless you really love this tea, plan on making some gifts
Gunpowder tea is green tea, most of which comes from a city named Pingshui in the Eastern Chinese province of Zhejiang, south of the Yangtse River Delta, where it has been cultivated for centuries and is known as the "green pearl" of tea. Pingshui tea market records date as far back as the Tang Dynasty (AD 618 - 907). The area's gunpowder tea was an important tribute traditionally given to the Chinese emperors; and with the growing trade volume between China and the West it also acquired an increasing number of lovers in Europe. Particularly during the second half of the 19th century, when gunpowder tea export reached its peak, its price on the London market was second only to then-popular Wu Yi Oolong (also from China). Even today, Zhejiang Province still proudly calls itself "home of silk and tea" for its two primary natural products. 
The name "gunpowder" derives from the tea's elaborate method of processing, which traditionally lasts several hours and during which the tea leaves are withered, steamed or stir-fried and individually rolled into small pellets. Early foreign traders mistook these pellets for gunpowder or gunshot. 
Gunpowder tea has a delicate aroma with a slightly smokey note. It should *always* be enjoyed without milk or cream
Someone told me to look on Amazon to locate this product. It's great as a broth but also for gravy and jazzing up beef and poultry entrees'. The taste is OUT OF THIS WORLD and so easy to make. I inject the turkey broth into the turkey before cooking and it enhances the flavor... added bonus since the holidays are just around the corner.  Thank you for having this product on Amazon
to using bouillon cubes once you've used and tasted this great product.You'll also wonder why you've been taking pantry space for years with cartons and cans. This is an amazingly simple and easy-to-use packaging concept (no scissors, no can-opener) for a first-rate chicken broth with a really deep home-made taste. The Beef version is excellent too
The only better broth I've had was homemade by my hubby! My daughter will even heat it for a quick snack, I love it
The grocery store is saturated with products that are high in sugar and fat and frankly I've become weary reading labels. I've started to buy more and more organic products and find that many of them meet or exceed my expectations for flavor and quality. 
Nature's Path Organic Apple Cinnamon Toaster Pastries do taste "slightly" healthy, but they remind me of some nutmeg cookies I make that are also made with whole-wheat flour. 
Ingredients: Organic apple cinnamon filling (organic evaporated cane juice, organic apple juice concentrate, water, organic evaporated apples, vegetable glycerin, organic apple powder, organic corn startch, organic cinnamon, locust bean gum), organic whole-wheat flour, organic white flour, water, organic evaporated cane juice, organic palm oil, powdered organic eveaporated cane juice, organic invert syrup, salt, leavening, natural flavor, agar, tocopherols (for freshness). 
Unfortunately these do contain palm oil, although I don't seem to be as allergic to organic palm oil. Makes me wonder what I'm really allergic to, as in what is in the additional element in the non-organic Palm Kernel Oil. Could it simply be that this is the non-hydrogenated version. Could be. 
Each pastry is 190 Calories 
40 Calories from Fat 
They heat up fast in the toaster and are convenient for a snack. 
~The Rebecca Review
I have always been pretty picky about my poptarts, so I wasn't sure if these were going to taste like cardboard or not when I first got them.  They are great poptarts.  My kids love them
I'm French and I love these galettes. They are the typical kind of cookies you can find in Brittany ("Bretagne")with a light salted butter taste.... I like the tin too, you can keep it to store whatever you like ! Make a great gift to French cookies lovers
tasted ok, better than the other pure bran things
and great source of fibe
Granted, this is not one of the better tasting cereals, but when you consider that it will provide the daily recommendation of fiber in just 2/3 cup, the trade-off is worthwhile.  If there is an easier way to get 26 grams of fiber, I haven't found it.  Just be aware that, if you prefer sugary sweet cereals, this definitely is not the one for you
This cereal is a wonderful (better) choice instead of the Chex line of cereals.  It has more fiber, organic ingredients, and no BHT.  Excellent as both a cereal w/milk and also when used as part of a homemade trail mix
This is a great cereal.  It is very similar to Crispex, only a whole lot better for you
We love this product in our house and it has helped me (MOM) kick the diet soda habit.  I add my soluble fiber and other powdered supplements and I am on my way!  Very true lemonade taste with no aftertaste at all
From where I should start! From the amazing taste, the nice smell or the natural ingredients. Do you know? try it and tell me your opinion.
I've tried 15-20 different k-cups and would rate Timothy's Parisian Night (can you say French Roast) in the top third.  At the 7.25 oz setting it makes a full-bodied, dark brew with a nutty, almost earthy taste.  It's very much a European-style blend, and with a dash of half and half makes a passable Viennese 'brauner.
We love our Keurig maching and this coffee is rich dark and delicious.  Very smooth and strong. Yum
The crystal light iced tea brand tastes better than all the regular sugared, as well as, the low-calorie sweetened teas.If you like it a bit sweeter, put an extra pack of splenda in it
I tried a two lb pack and then ordered this  for a reorder, Tart  cherries  great for oatmeal, and sauses as well as snack
Kraft Macaroni and Cheese beckons back to lonely days running home at lunchtime. As I lay heart-strewn and crying about the harsh rejection meted upon me by the fairest of the playground beauties, soft noodles in a cheese cream sauce would ease my ache.
Daily, at morning recess, I would smile weakly and say hello to Heidi, who, in return would grimace. There stood I, in a pile of sadness, swings and slides all around, alone, and she, having moved on, would toil no longer in my presence.
Today, all so many years beyond, I do not remember if it was her kickball skills, or the way she whispered, "Green Eggs and Ham," ever so flirtatiously, just within earshot. Her gentle words were never meant for me no matter how I thought her eyes caught mine, and with clarity, at recess, I was reminded of her tease.
Recess would pass into lunchtime, and as the bell rang, I blew out the door and ran the quarter mile home. Anger, grief, all inside boiling, looking to be purged, pushed me homeward. Second grade happiness would be found where my mom made lunch.
Resting on our kitchen table, steaming with freshly ground pepper, was the golden orange macaroni and cheese. A bit of butter and a few drops of milk converged with the cheese for the smooth-sweet-salty taste with which I could indulge my insatiated heart.
My mother, forever smiling, and me, upset at Heidi who was forever guiling, until soon, I, with my belly full, was no longer riling. Fair maiden was never won by macaroni and cheese, but my broken heart was oft-mended by its flavor
My kids love their Macaroni & Cheese but one day all we had was a generic brand.  They didn't eat it all that well (Kraft really is the best) so I decided to try to make it a little better for them.  Follow the recipe on the box with a couple exceptions.  Put one slice of velveeta chees in while melting the butter (I melt the butter while the noodles are draining so as to melt the butter and velveeta faster) and add 1/3 cup milk.  What you'll have is a less expensive version of the really creamy macaroni and cheese that Kraft sells for a lot more money.  By adding extra milk and cheese they're even getting more calcium.  My kids love it when I throw in hot dogs and even peas so feel free to throw in other things since it's so cheesy (the extra cheesy sauce will take things like peas that kids don't normally eat and make them taste good).  Give it a try and see what you and/or your kids think
This product is the most flavorful and savory tasting broth I have ever tasted.  It is excellent as a cup of broth or a gravy base
Full of good health goodies! Lots of fiber, omega-3, flaxseed. Cooks fast.  I use the stove top method, add raisins and pecans. 
This cereal really tastes good. I make it in the microwave, first heating the fresh cold water to boiling, then adding the cereal, stirring and returning it to the microwave to finish cooking. I let it boil and bubble for a bit in the microwave, which is when the cooking really occurs. I often let it sit in the microwave for a few minutes after it stops, to set up. Years ago a ham radio guy asked me (over the air!) whether I knew how to make gourmet microwave hot cereal. I said no - wondering how you could make anything gourmet, especially cooked cereal, in the microwave - but that I didn't express out loud... so he explained to me the above method, with emphasis on heating the cold water before adding the cereal. And definitely not using hot tap water, as that has the O2 chased out of it, or some such. So I guess that must be it!
I used to laboriously mix various cereal grains to achieve this kind of mix, but with this product it is all done for me. It's also good with raisins added.
I'm delighted that Amazon is selling some of these healthy food items that are hard to find in parts of the country. The special offers bring the price within reason.
I DISCOVERED NATURE'S PATH ORGANIC HERITAGE FLAKES CEREAL WHILE I STAYED IN SEATTLE, WA FOR ALMOST 6 MONTHS IN THE YEAR 2000. I FELL IN LOVE WITH IT: WHOLESOME, GOOD TASTE AND ORGANIC. BACK IN LOS ANGELES, I HAD DIFFICULTY FINDING IT IN TRADITIONAL HEALTH FOOD STORES. LAST OCTOBER I RECEIVED AN E-MAIL FROM [...], OFFERING FOOD ITEMS, AMONG THEM MY BELOVED CEREAL. RIGHT AWAY I ORDER 6 BAGS, EACH OF 32 OZ. I RECEIVED IT A FEW DAYS AFTER, AND EVER SINCE I FEEL VERY HAPPY TO GET BACK TO THIS WONDERFUL COMBINATION OF CEREALS. BESIDES THAT, I'M GETTING ECONOMIES OF SCALE WITH THE 32 OZ, COMPARED TO THE 13 OZ  BOX I USED TO BUY AT THE HEALTH FOOD STORES. 
This cereal meets three major criteria:  
1.  It is low in sugar - no longer a kid and hate cereal that is too sweet.
2.  Stays crunchy - the best flaked cereal I have found for staying crunchy in milk, maybe because the flakes seem a little heartier/thicker than standard flakes.
3.  Taste - last but not least, too many of the healthier flakes taste like cardboard, but this cereal is so good I can eat it right out of the bag like a snack.  
This cereal is one item in my ultimate breakfast cereal mix.  The other ingredients are Kashi's 7 Whole Grain Puffs, dried cranberries, pecans, and flax seed. With Heritage & Kashi combined you get all the following grains in one breakfast:
1.   Spelt
2.   Quinoa
3.   Kamut
4.   Millet
5.   Buckwheat
6.   Triticale
7.   Rye
8.   Red Winter Wheat
9.   Barley
10. Oats
11. Brown Rice
12. Sesame Seeds
Then I add the following to the bowl:
13. Flax Seeds - about a tablespoon
14. Pecans - about 2 tablespoons
15. Dried Cranberries - about 2 tablespoons
Then if you really want to go full-on healthy try Better Than Milk Original Flavor Vegan Soy Beverage, the best soy milk out there...see my review of it.
I think my title says it all. Of course, the packaging is not recyclable, but it is at least minimal by today's standards. This is a lot of cereal for one person, so i hope it has good shelf life
My favourite tea in loose leaf form... it just doesn't get any better than this.  The tins are a good size (not so small that it's gone after four cups of tea but not so large that it'll be stale and moldy before you could possibly finish it) that fit nicely in my desk at work as well as on the counter by the teapot.  The tea is fresh and flavourful with the quality I've come to expect from Twinings.
This Lady Grey loose tea is a sensory experience. It is light and citrusy with just the right kick of caffeine. The flower petals are pretty but I cannot taste any difference they might make in the steeped tea. It would make a nice gift for a woman who you don't know very well. All in all it is worth a try
Lady Grey is practically the only tea my family and I drink. First we bought it because of cornflowers, which are kinda symbol of Russia, where I was born, but we stayed with it for the taste. Try it cold with lemon - it's amazing
I can't say enough good things about this variety and brand of tea.  The bergamot and other citrus elements in the tea and the delicacy of the tannins make milk, sweetener or lemon completely unnecessary.  The color and aroma are just lovely, making this a fantastic treat for the novice or experienced tea drinker, and it has just enough caffeine to get me through tedious afternoons without making me jittery.  I carry the bagged variety everywhere I go
If you havn't tried Lady Grey, try it and then buy the loose leaf at this price.  You won't regret it.  This is one of the best everyday teas I've found, with a healthy dash of citrus and a flowery finish with no cloying flavors, it really is a good all around tea for any time of the day.  Buying it on Amazon saves a lot of time trying to find it in stock and it arrived faster than the books I ordered at the same time
This is a great product and was better then I expected.  I needed a large quantity and working through Amazon was great.  I was a little disappointed in the packaging, because the box was basically open due to poorly placed tape. But, being able to track the package was great
This tea really does help with stress.  I just sort of takes the edge off.  I have been drinking it for years, and was very happy to find it at a good price on amazon
****
This Kava Stress Relief Tea from Yogi Tea is for anxiety relief. It's an unusual tea, slightly sweet (it contains stevia) and very carob-y. The good news is that it does not have any of the usual kava taste or smell that many people find offensive. The bad news is that I can't feel any of the anxiety relief effects of the tea, although it does say that there are 78mg of kava root extract in the tea. Still, it's a lovely cup of tea, and relaxing because it just tastes good. I can also taste the spiciness of the tea, which is very pleasant. I usually brew two bags in one cup, which is recommended on the package for a stronger and more relaxing effect; however, I even tried four bags once, but still didn't notice a relaxing effect. I am familiar with kava and the overall effect of kava is pretty subtle anyway, so this is something to be aware of. Your experience of the tea may be different.
Kava Stress Relief Tea comes with an expiration date (a good thing, because it's not full of preservatives, plus you can tell if it is fresh) and has many organic ingredients.
The ingredients in Kava Stress Relief Tea are: kava root extract, carob pod, Indian sarsaparilla root, organic cinnamon bark, organic ginger root, organic cardamom seed, stevia leaf, barley malt, natural hazelnut flavor, natural cinnamon flavor, and natural licorice flavor. Amazingly, I can taste many of these in this lovely and complex cup of tea. I would rate the taste five stars for flavor and uniqueness.
Yogi Tea seems to be another company (like Numi, Aspen, Traditional Medicinals) that values sustainable and healthy practices. Their web site has a helpful glossary of tea ingredients and is beautifully designed, with info about each tea they make. Their tea bag tags have metaphysical sayings on them like, "Your breath is the voice of your soul" and "Your head must bow to your heart". 
Yogi Tea writes this on the box about the tea's benefits: "Kava Stress Relief tea helps you calm down as it relieves stress, anxiety and minor pain, as well as lending gentle support to the digestion and the kidneys. A member of the peppercorn family, Kava (Piper methysticum) is a highly prized medicinal and beverage plant, whose primary benefit is alleviating anxiety. "Kava-kava," native to Oceania and the South Pacific Islands, has been used and cultivated for its ability to calm the body and mind, and encourage a good night's sleep. A powerful antispasmodic, this herb promotes a state of "relaxed unconcern" while compromising neither mental functions nor clarity of thought when used appropriately. Furthermore, Kava has been shown to relax the uterus and relieve menstrual cramps and minor menopausal symptoms.* The Herb Research Foundation (2000) indicates that scientific data supports the use of kava for minor anxiety, stress, restlessness, muscle tension and mild pain. For added flavor, our formula has been complemented with Stevia, Sarsaparilla and Organic Carob. Enjoy a warm soothing cup of Kava Stress Relief, a delicious way to relax." 
In addition to the standard disclaimer that the tea is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease, there is a warning on the box, "Ask a healthcare professional before use if you have or have had liver problems, frequently use alcoholic beverages, or are taking any medication. Stop use and see a doctor if you develop symptoms that may signal liver problems (e.g., unexplained fatigue, abdominal pain, loss of appetite, fever, vomiting, dark urine, pale stools, yellow eyes or skin). Not for use by persons under 18 years of age, or by pregnant or breastfeeding women. Not for use with alcoholic beverages. Excessive use, or use with products that cause drowsiness, may impair your ability to operate a vehicle or heavy equipment."
Note that the media scare about kava several years ago was not for the kava root, and it is my opinion that based on my own research that kava is very safe. However, I am not a physician, and if you have any health concerns, you should check with an appropriate professional.
I decided to give Kava Stress Relief Tea four stars since it didn't really work for me. Still, it is a wonderful and recommended tea, and may work for you!
***
is very similar to raspberry teas found at your favorite eateries.  We found it necessary to drink with our sweetener.  A refreshing drink, but has a slight after taste to it, maybe making this tea in large quantity is what did it (4 qts).  I would have rated a 5, but taste was a little off. 
Economical way to purchase a cold brew tea that has natural flavoring. Easy to make and tastes great. No guilt with this drink
These teas (both the raspberry and the blueberry) are priced lower than in the grocery store ($3.49 per individual box), where they are usually a seasonal item. This is frustrating since my husband and I are hooked on them and probably brew and drink a full pitcher per day.  They are the best tasting cold ice teas and great for the antioxidant benefits.  This seller shipped them promptly and they were very well packed.  We will be a repeat buyer for sure.  A+!!!!!!!!!!!
I really like this cereal by Nature's Path... It is very good and tasty. However, I just found a new favorite which is the Zen version with Cranberries and Ginger. I highly recommend both of them though. The Optimum has more fiber and has a completely different taste then the Zen so if you need to change it up go for this one too
This "Optimum Power" breakfast cereal contains wheat, oats, barley, soy, flaxseeds and something Nature's Path calls "Kamut" which look like puffed oats. Also there are freeze-dried blueberries, a few anyway, and a delightful subtle cinnamon flavor hits you. The ingredient list contains a few other things that are probably good for you. Now the third ingredient in the 16-ingredient list - and these lists are supposed to be in order according to percentage with the largest first - is something called "organic evaporated cane juice". Now what is that but organic sugar? This probably accounts for the cereal being somewhat sweet, as another reviewer noted. But it is nowhere near as sweet as those tooth-decaying, empty-caloried, mass-marketed cereals most Americans are feeding their children. No, this cereal is well within the tolerance of us "granolas" who don't dowse everything with sugar, ketchup and supermarket mayonnaise. (No, I don't mean on cereal. Just making a point.)
So when you pour this out of the box, you see a lot of extruded, elongated brown rod-shaped thingies, quite a few healthy-looking chubby flakes, some of those exploded oat-looking morsels that are probably the Kamuts and here and there a desiccated blueberry. Gawd, when I get started writing like this, I can't stop, I just get more so. Better not review anything else tonight. You'll never want to eat this. Actually, my description of the thingies could have been far more graphic and devilish. You'll see. Please do try this cereal, you'll like the heartiness, the cinnamoniness (new word?) and the relatively light sweetness. I did give it five stars, didn't I
I love this cereal. It is the greatest and looks like Amazon offers the best price. I like to add frozen wild blueberries to it with milk. YUM
and mild. just a hint of fruitiness. the white tea isn't as bold as green but equally as or better for you
Don't mind the reviewer saying it tastes nasty.  It's quite good, and, as with any tea, you can brew it as light as you want.  I don't think this tea is too strong at all, I brew it with the hottest water I can for as long as I can.
It's a very healthy, tasty, beneficial tea.  Highly recommended.
I am a true fan of all things ginger, and this tea is wonderful.  Very warming and spicy
High in protein, low in calories, and great flavor.  I split them in half and eat the first portion as a mid-morning snack and the second portion as an afternoon snack.  They keep me feeling full and prevent me from eating junk food, which has been great for my waistline.  I can't say enough good things about Kashi
they're a quick fix and they taste incredible. best protein bar around
I love Kashi stuff and this bar is no exception.  There have just a great
taste, not too sweet, no funny aftertaste and very satisfying when
eaten between meals.  Highly recommended.
Tastes too good to actually be healthy.  Sound too good to be true?  I thought so, but it is really true.  Nice job Kashi.
If you have never eaten Kashi products, you are in for a treat.  There are some I like better than others, but for food that is good for you, it is a pleasant surprise
I'm on no wheat, dairy or sugar diet restrictions, and this is my treat that I really look forward to. (sometimes every day!) Thank you Nana's! And the price is great from Amazon
These are the only cookies I have found that I can safely eat without feeling poorly afterwards and which taste similar to a "real" chocolate chip cookie. I try to limit refined sugars, wheat flour, and dairy products in my diet for health reasons, but oh, how I miss cookies. The ones I bake myself just don't taste that great, but these chocolate chip cookies from Nana's help me keep to my prescribed way of eating. I don't know what I'd do without them! I like to freeze them, and sometimes I top one with a bit of Rice Dream "ice cream" on top. Yummy!
We love this cereal, it is nice and crunchy and it doesn't leave you hungry for another bowl like the over processed cereals in boxes.  I definately will buy this again. 
I ordered these Lorna Doone 100 calorie cookies from amazon because they can not keep them on the shelves at any grocery store around my area. I even called a friend 45 miles away and he couldnt find them either. You should try them. They taste great without the extra junk in them.  My kids love them 2 :)
The dried berries arrived promptly and in good condition. We thought they were moist and tasty
I found a package of these berries first at Costco in Arvada, Colorado and found these to be the BEST dried fruit I've ever had.  I've since requested at my local Costco (Honolulu, Hawaii) that they carry these and I keep waiting and waiting.  I was thrilled to find these on the Amazon website and ordered four bags right away.
Thank you for carrying it
This is a dream!  Quick-brew _and_ blueberry!  It's slightly slower brewing than plain Lipton quick-brew tea, but it does brew up in about three minutes.  It's definitely blueberry flavored, and it's a little red in color.  For we impatient flavored tea lovers, this is a great product
This is one of the best tasting teas I have used. Keeps well in the refrigerator for two days, retaining its excellent flavor.  I reccommend this tea to everyone, and have shared with many family and friends
THESE ARE VERY GOOD BISCOTTI! I'VE ORDERED 4 BOXES OF 12 IN THE PAST FEW MONTHS. THEY WERE NICE TO GIVE AS GIFTS. THEY WERE GOOD TO BRING TO SOMEONES HOUSE FOR DESSERT. THE CHOCOLATE DECADENCE AND THE ONES WITH THE TOFFEE BITS AND ALMONDS ARE VERY GOOD. THE ONLY NEGATIVE IS THE SHIPPING AND HANDLING COST. IF I DID NOT GET THE FREE SHIPPING AND HANDLING; I WOULD NOT HAVE ORDERED THEM. THEY'RE GOOD; BUT NOT GOOD ENOUGH TO SPEND AN EXTRA $20 TO DELIVER
I was looking for a crispy crunchy, not too sweet, flavorful biscotti.  This prduct certainlyn fills the bill
Twinings Orange Pekoe tea is a delightful, smooth tea. It delivers a pleasing cup of tea without acid harshnest. Yet it is full of flavor and rich amber color. A good choice in the evening or anytime you want to pamper yourself with pleasure. It's a tea to be savored
Love these as a snack when the day wears on-great quality and taste
Green is good, of course. But what's much better than green are these truly awesome cookies. PN Os beat the bootie out of any Oreo variation -- crunchier, more filling(without being smarmy), much better taste. (And this goes for the mint, the vanilla, and the chocolate.)
Fast Eddie Felson -- I love you.
These cookies are superb all by themselves. Far superior to "that other sandwich cookie" in every way. But if you really want to tip the scale into complete decadence, melt some Ghirardelli Double Chocolate Chips in your double boiler, and dip these cookies, then remove to a rack to dry. Your friends will all think you got them at some fancy chocolate store, and beg you for more. Keep out of reach of children
These high-sodium ginger cookies are too tasty to have around - you'll easily surpass your RDA of sodium in one sitting.  
The nutrition facts that Amazon neglected to post are: Serving size is 2 cookies (28 g).  Each serving has 160 mg of sodium, 4.5 mg of fat (2 g saturated, 0 g transfat), 19 g of total carbs (10 g sugars), and 0 g of cholesterol.
The ingredients in these "Made in U.S.A." cookies are organic unbleached wheat flour, powdered sugar, organic palm fruit oil, organic molasses, organic sugar, sodium bicarbonate (leavening), ground ginger, soy lecithin (an emulsifier), salt, monocalcium phosphate (leavening), and nutmeg.  There are no hydrogentated oils or trans fats.
On the back of the package is an Ode to Ginger-O's, which reads: "You might, m'lady tweak my nose. You could, m'lord step on my toes.  But Heaven help those poor bozos, who try to filch my Ginger-O's ".
Again, these high-sodium cookies taste too good in order to effectively exercise self-discipline to limit the quantity eaten.
My children prefer this cookie much more than the standard chocolate cookie with cream.  These are a bit softer than the O's we use to purchase but it also makes them much easier to twist apart and eat! =)  We purchased the chocolate with chocolate cream too - YUMMY
How often do you eat a parsnip? Well, I don't make the opportunity very often, so I'm thrilled to see parsnips in my fancy black snack-chip bag. Vastly superior to corn or standard potato chips. No trans fats. Colorful, too. Delicious dipped in hummus. Made by a division of Hain, for you health-food business knowledge nuts
These are a great deal...Cost $2.75 per box they are $3.99 per box at our local grocery store.  They are also very tasty and a healthy snack. Our whole family loves them. I worried about buying a case just seemed like a lot but they are going fast and if you are box top saving people...there is one on every box! So they are good for schools too!
For rich deep flavor without tasting burned or smelling like chemicals, these beans can't be beat, nor can the Pura Vida company's mission.  Look into it
This is a great tasting coffee.  I highly recommend it as it is shade-grown and fair trade certified
Normally delicious product, but Amazon sent an expired batch the second time I ordered this item. That was not the only time I received old/expired or damaged batches from Amazon Grocery. I really hesitate to do business with Amazon; you just never know what you will actually get
 I have been a fan of jack links turkey jerky for about 5 years now ever since I first tried it..All time favorite snack!! Only Jack Links brand, any other kind of turkey jerkey I have tried has been blah to say the least...Highly recomend!! Ohh, skip there ham jerkey and a1 sauce new products though.. eek
Now, one of the reviewers of this product complained about the sugar content of this cereal by only looking at the ingredients list, which is not how to determine the nutritional value of any product (especially when the reviewer cannot distinguish between nutritive and non-nutritive ingredients). This cereal has just as many simple sugars as Frosted Flakes, but the cereal does not claim to be low in sugar. What's important about this cereal is that it offers quite a bit of fiber and vitamins/minerals (not as much as some cereals, but since I have no deficiencies in this area, I didn't mind). Also, it only has 3 times the salt of a half cup of milk which is not LOADED. A can of healthy choice soup, now that is loaded with salt. 
Now, I chose this cereal as a replacement for Frosted Flakes/Honey Nut Cheerios, which against my better judgment I continued to have every morning. I should point out that I don't drink coffee in the mornings and I don't drink soda (less than 1 a week on average). I also eat no sweets.  Simple sugars (listed as just "Sugars" on the nutrition label) seem to be treated like carcinogens, while most people don't realize that aspartame (artificial sweetener in most diet sodas) really is one. If your diet is already low in sugar and you feel confident you can burn through those sugars pretty quick (since I don't drink caffeinated drinks, I need that jolt in the morning), then this is a good choice. If your diet already has quite a bit of sugar or your doctor tells you to cut down on simple sugars (or you also have a couple of cups of caffeinated coffee with sugar every morning), then go with another bran cereal without the oat clusters and syrups (which I really do not like that much). Also, if you are concerned about the total carbs, please note that a normal 2000 calories diet would include about 300g of carbohydrates (so yes, high protein diets contradict  this). 
Since taste is completely subjective, I won't put much emphasis on it. In my opinion, it tastes pretty good (but I don't consume many sweets during the day).
My kids love these.  I don't mind the figs are the only part that are organic.  My kids will only eat these and not the other brand
I'm not exactly sure how good these are for you??? but I do know they taste great!! I bought these because I never have time for breakfast in the morning, and I'm also sort of a "choco-holic", and these with coffee, or better yet: hot chocolate are excellent! :
For flavor, I could give these cookies a "5", but the health aspects demand that they only rate a "4".  All told, they taste great and are the best on the go lunch I have found for hubby (he often eats on the run).  The price is right and it keeps him from cruising though the nearest drive though
These should not be confused with dessert.  As the name states, these are a breakfast cookie, originally developed for people in a hurry who do not stop for a cooked meal.  This variety has chocolate chunks but is not a chocolate cookie.  Other varieties are available.  Cookie varieties are based on the original recipe.  They are available in the full 3 ounce size, or as mini-cookies.  They have a good nutritional balance.  They do have an expiration date.  Like all bakery products, they do not stay fresh forever.  As other reviewers have warned, you need to check the expiration date, especially if you are not buying them direct from the bakery.  Day old bread is also sold at bargain prices, but you get day old bread.  I found that the fresh cookies are yummy and they do fill you up.  I would recommend them for your travel bags (better than airline food which has often been reduced to yucky box lunches), for your desk drawer if you get busy and have to skip lunch, or for a convenient trail food if you are hiking.  I used the Rocky Road variety (seasonal special) in Christmas stockings and the pumpkin variety (seasonal special) in Halloween bags
These things are great...I love Baker's Breakfast cookies. This flavor is pretty darn good, too, big chunks of chocolate and lots of flavor. Doesn't taste fake at all. I prefer a couple other flavors more, but this is definately a winner. These cookies taste like a treat but are really healthy for you. They will fill you up for hours, especially with a glass of water, juice or milk to wash it down
These cookies are a nice break from the run-of-the-mill granola bar. Based on oatmeal, not too sweet, filling. Great value. I would purchase again
This is a nice tea.  Not bitter, I don't need any honey or sweetner at all.  I'll be getting more of this for sure
Without a doubt this is the easiest buttermilk buscuit mix I've ever used.  Super simple...super fast!  You won't be sorry you bought this
I recently decided to give these Diedrich K-Cups a whirl.  For years, I've been a dedicated Green Mountain Coffee Roaster customer, and their K-Cup varieties are excellent; however, even at their "Cafe Express" discount rate, their coffees are more expensive by several dollars per 25 count pack than the current price Amazon is offering on Diedrich blends.
I'd been traveling in Southern California a few months ago and tried some Diedrich coffees then.  Although the coffees I tried tended to exhibit the Starbucks/West Coast tendency to roast beans too darkly -- to the point of effacing some of the original regional characteristics of the beans -- they are fine for dark roasts and preferable to what I've had from Starbucks.  Coupled with the Keurig brewer, this makes for a decent cup of medium-to-dark "West Coast" style coffee
My mother absolutely loves this tea, it's the only kind she will use.  I received a container of it in a gift basket, and called bentley to find out where I could purchase more, and they told me they don't sell to the public. My mom was very upset...  I then went on to Amazon (which was great for all my christmas shopping), who put me in touch with bently, so My mother had a wonderful christmas!!!
what other food is 120 calories (only 25 from fat)and 5 grams of fiber, or 20% of your daily value? an IDEAL breakfast or snack... just one fills you up a lot.
and i must stress, that they are DELICIOUS
These cereal bars by Kellogg's are the best! 
Well, actually, at first I wasn't that sure. It's rare to see a cereal bar on the grocery shelf that actually has 20 % of your daily requirement for fiber in just one bar! I was very impressed by that claim and so I brought a box home to try it out.
These cereal bars are tasty and quite easy to chew on when you're in need of a quick breakfast or snack that has some health quality to it. They aren't that expensive, either. Moreover, there are no trans fats although there is a very, very slight amount of partially hydrogenated oils in the bar. These cereal bars contain some vitamins, too, which is always a plus. 
However, one caveat: be careful if you have any allergies to wheat, soy, milk and/or almonds. Stay away unless your doctor tells you it's OK to have this food. 
Highly recommended! Enjoy!    SMILES
I don't like plain coffee but even more, I don't need or like all the calories and fat that come with using flavored coffee creamers. Even the sugar-free creamers have a ton of fat, part of which is hydrogenated/partially hydrogenated.
Flavor Blends for coffee are a wonderful alternative to fatty creamers. Easy to use and they come in portable small packages you can take with you anywhere. This is not a creamer but more a flavored "sugar". One packet gives a yummy, subtle hazelnut flavor but without being too sweet the way some things with Splenda are.
My mom first sent my husband a box in his care package - he is stationed North of Baghdad, Iraq - and it was the best thing he had ever received.  Being in the Army for 24 years, he has had his share of bad coffee, but he doesn't have to have wake up to that anymore.  I sent him another six boxes of the Hazelnut, Mocha, and French Vanilla.  He says the Hazelnut is his, but he shares the rest.  It is a big hit with his unit and all have commented on the AWESOME taste and that the Army coffee is significantly improved!  We won't allow him to run out a box or two are added to every care package my mom and I send.  Nothing but the best for the Troops
This is a pretty good Splenda flavor, but the Mocha is best, in my opinion.  The French Vanilla is a second favorite.  Hazelnut is better than no flavor at all.  I use one flavored packet and one regular Splenda packet in a large (14 oz) mug, and it's perfect.  Not necessary to use two flavored ones, as it is a little pricey and one has enough flavor for an entire travel mug
Ever since I have tried this productI eat some everyday!! It is the perfect blend of savory, tangy, sweet, and a touch spicy.  I know that sounds like a weird combo, but its sooo good, addicting even. I initially  bought this prouct at a local natural and whole foods store, but amazon .com has the lowest price I've seen anywhere and u cant beat free shipping!! It's so conveniant. I have ordered this product from amazon several times and I must mention one order contained multiple expired items that were definitely stale tasting, so I let customer service know and they immediately responded and very pleasantly resolved the matter to my satisfaction. I do suggest the multiple 12  2 oz multiple pack only because this blend is so yummy portion control is helpful!!
When I am short of time and want a fast side dish I make these and my family loves them.  When I don't have time to peel, dice & boil potatoes these save the day.  Teens can prepare them with ease too.
We like all varieties and they taste great
These are the best banana chips I've ever had and the dried cherries are a great combination!  I would highly recommend this product
I orginally bought this for my youngest daughter who loves this product. Soon after my husband was hooked and has been eating it for breakfast every morning since! Another great deal on Amazon. We buy it regularl
My local Sam's Club discontinued the Nature's Path maple and brown sugar instant oatmeal due to lack of sales. I was bummed and did not want to resort to the highly processed Quaker instants - ick! Not to mention I'm tired of all the junk ingredients in mainstream food nowadays. Then I remembered Amazon selling a lot of easily shippable, bulk foods - including organics! :-)
The Nature's Path oatmeal absorbs water much better and the texture is heartier than other leading brands. It is also very flavorful. The variety pack is nice, since I used to tire of the Sam's Club selection of maple and brown sugar only. My kids love steel cut oats with a little pure maple syrup, but it's not the most convenient breakfast food. The Nature's Path instant oatmeal is quick and easy during the busy weekday mornings. And best of all, I can understand the ingredients label without having to take a chemistry refresher class.
I'm very satisfied with my first organic purchase from Amazon. We now peruse the selection of organic foods on Amazon before making local purchases
Most grocery store variety oatmeals have fillers and are from the rolled oats variety.  The best tasting and most nutritious oatmeal comes from steel cut oats, but it is a chore to cook.  You have to cook it very slowly and watch it carefully as it will easily boil over all over the place.
  
I was astounded to find instant organic steel cut oats at my local Costco.  You simply open a packet into a bowl, add boiling water from your kettle or microwave and stir.  There are many flavors to suit your moods.  All of them are delicious in my opinion.  Try this and you will agree.
My Costco stopped carrying this brand, so I found it here on Amazon.  Apparently there were many requests at Costco and they have now decided to again carry this brand.  It is cheaper at my Costco. $8.35 for 32 packets and 53.6 ounces. 
You can't beat this for a quick breakfast
This tastes and looks like the real thing (wheat/semolina) My kids can't tell the difference. I'm not wasting my time sampling all of the others now.
These are great... Take a little longer to cook than wheat spaghetti and you must strain them but other than that you cant tell any difference
I liked this so much I gave some as gifts to friends (before I polished it all off).
I am better able to stick with reasonable and healthy portions at my evening meal if I can look forward to a little treat later in the evening. I serve it in a small cup that will hold a third of a box. Satisfying AND healthy, what a deal
I tried most of Jack Links' products. I will classified this one as good...but I personally prefer beef nuggets since it tasted juicier. 
These DO taste almost like the biscuits at Red Lobster.  They are so easy to make and so delicious! I have a muffin maker and they cook perfectly in about  10 minutes
We bought this bulk box because we drink a lot of tea...it's a great bargain if you're a tea drinker!!! :)
This is mine and my husbands favorite tea. It has such a smooth satisfying taste. We have tried about all the Earl grey Teas and this is the best. We can't always find it. So when I found it on Amazon I was elated. Being able to buy it in the 50-count boxes (pack of 6) was just what we were looking for. And we will continue to buy it here..Thanks Amazon 
These Colombian D'Ordado pods work well in my Krups Home Cafe machine. The overall flavor is good. I do like my coffee a little stronger, so I use 2 of these pods and the two-6 ounce cup setting for a nice, big mug of morning coffee
This is a very good value.  I use it to put in many Asian recipes instead of chicken or vegetable broth.  The result is a more authentic Asian taste to my recipes
We ordered 4 jars and love it. It has great flavor and is on the spicy side. It is easily frozen in the plastic containers. The 20 oz size is just about perfect for our family of 5
I ordered this sauce which is very good and VERY spicy.  The only drawback is that when I opened the package, one jar had cracked and leaked (a real mess). Amazon sent a replacement and the same thing happened because they were not shrink wrapped first.  They were loose in the box with just some bubble wrap
Typical of central Italy, this sauce has the characteristic of being hot, after all, Arrabbiata means "mad" in Italian.  Although tolerance to spiciness is very subjective, this sauce will not overwhelm your palate.  Enjoy this beautiful blend of flavors: the freshness of parsley, a hint of hand picked organic marjoram, and the "madness" of the habanero. 
Recipe suggestions:  Excellent as a dip for shrimp or chips; spicy and delicious over tacos, quesadillas or any Mexican dish.  Unexpectedly delicious over chicken cutlet or poached fish, grilled vegetables au gratin or saut�ed portabella mushroom!  We've also added it to a seafood bouillabaisse for a fantastic dinner party idea.
I love this mac & cheese.  It has all of the comfort food aspects of easy mac (warm and gooey, orange cheese) but without that vague chemical aftertaste.  It tastes so cheddar cheesey and is wonderful to keep on hand for those days when there is just NO food in the fridge (you don't even need to add milk to this!).  My favorite comfort food when I'm sick
Annie's Homegrown Deluxe Shells & Real Aged Wisconsin Cheddar is the best mac-n-cheese straight out of the box I ever tasted.  Kids and grown-ups agree.  
A note to the other reviewers- don't try to ruin my mac-n-cheese comfort food experience with your cardboard tastin' whole wheat pasta and no salt sauce.  If you're so inclined to have it just how you would make it, go ahead and make your own.  It's just mac-n-cheese after all.
My children and I agree: this is the best tasting mac and cheese on the market. This is a great price, too... about 1.30 a box less than I usually pay.  When kids are eating several boxes a week that adds up quickly.  
I do agree with the other reviewer about the ways this mac and cheese could be even closer to perfection. But I have one child who is very careful about what she will and will not eat, and for her, this product is a gift. Highly recommended
Beautiful and easy to use! The grater stays sharp after many uses and guests always ask about it. I wish it came with a dish to put the salts in. It would make a great gift if it came with a decorative dish
These cherries are large and plump and may need to be chopped for your recipe
Shipping was fast and cherries were great.The best dried cherries we have bought
I do not understand the bad reviews of this product. They smelled great, had a nice texture, and tasted like a dried cherry should. They did not clump at all like many dried fruits out there do. They also DID NOT taste like cardboard or were dried like NASA space food like some of the dried fruit out there does.
I use these in my tea, I chop them up and toss in my vanilla ice cream, and I eat them straight out of the bag. These are the best dried cherries I have ever eaten
The price was great, it arrived quickly and it was exactly what I ordered.  Great deal and great service
This is an all-time favorite tea of mine. I spend hundreds of dollars a year on tea - and this tea really hits the spot in my favorite top ten list of teas. The only downfall about this tea is that it is not made with strings. I like to have strings on my bags of tea. But no matter what this is the best peppermint tea i've ever drank!
Celestial Seasonings is a great brand.
This tea will smell up your kitchen with a lovely invigorating scent. Perfect for the mornings. 
I also use this tea when my stomach is upset, if my joints are sore, to help with cramps, and to help with gas! Peppermint is a natural reliever for IBS, especially if you have the flu or a bad cold peppermint tea really seems to bring up your spirits and relieve stomach irritations
This is Celestial Seasonings at their best-a plump bag of fresh tasty peppermint leaf, which brews up to a clean delicious cup of tea! Peppermint is one of the most enjoyable herbal teas with a naturally sweet, clean taste.
Peppermint is an herb that has many uses in traditional herbal medicine. It is reputed to relax the muscles of the digestive system which helps relieve nausea. Peppermint combats flatulence, promotes bile flow and digestive juices, and has a mildly anesthetic effect which also eases indigestion. It is supposed to relieve anxiety and tension, soothe headaches and calm symptoms associated with the menstrual cycle.
Celestial Seasonings gets extra points for their packaging: they utilize 100% natural recycled paperboard in their boxes and they don't package each tea bag individually. Instead they use a system of a waxed paper bag inside the box that stays shut when you fold it. It keeps the bags fresh and utilizes less packaging than individually wrapping each bag. The art they use on each box is beautiful as are the quotes and information they put on every surface
I am a devoted Earl Grey tea drinker and have enjoyed Earl Grey tea all over the world. Ahmad Tea has been my favorite for years. I'm so pleased to be able to obtain it through Amazon. I used to have to carry it by the suitcaseful back from London to stock up
I bought select items to include with other items in gift bags for Christmas.  The Ahmad selection teas make two excellent cups per bag.  Everyone receiving the tea commented on the fine quality of the product.  Highly Recommended!
I use this mostly in my coffee and tea and find that it adds a kind of sweetness that I enjoy. I've had others try it and some have liked it as much as I do, and others said it wasn't for them. I remember reading years ago that Stevia has a slight licorice taste to it, but I don't detect any of that sort of taste at all. My online research leads me to believe that that might have something to do with inulin fiber (FOS) thats also a part of this sweetener.
I tried Splenda and didn't like it.
Everyone's tastes and body chemistry are different, but if you're looking to reduce the amount of sugar in your diet without feeling like you are suffering for it, then give this a try
I had been using SweetLeaf before, buying it at the local super market health food section. Buying here is around a 50% savings. This product works so great at sweetening with no better after taste. I just love that it is a natural product
I've been using SweetLeaf SteviaPlus for about 3 weeks now, and I'm so glad I decided to try it. I was worried about the research coming out about aspartame; and Splenda... well, it just does terrible things to my stomach. I simply can't use it. So I started doing some web-searching and learned about stevia. I liked the fact that it was natural and used extensively in other countries, such as Japan. But I still kept my expectations low... it sounded too good to be true and I figured it would taste awful. I ordered SweetLeaf SteviaPlus and to my surprise and delight, I love the taste. It's sweet, and no bitterness. Now I'm a person who is used to using artificial sweeteners, so someone who uses only sugar might have a different opinion, but I did share it with a coworker to use in his tea, and he really liked it as well. So, don't be afraid to try it if you haven't already. I notice that I'm feeling a lot better lately. Maybe it's the switch from artificial sweeteners to stevia. At any rate, I'm happy with it, and I recently placed another order for both packets and tablets
A delicious, nutritious cereal that rebounds energy at breakfast or for a quick snack.  Very vegan and very good
Twinings was founded in London, England in 1706, and has a long and respected tradition of producing only the finest of teas. The history of Darjeeling tea goes back to the 1840s, when Dr. Campbell, a civil engineer, planted tea seeds in his garden at Beechwood, Darjeeling. The result was a nice light tea with excellent color and aroma. Darjeeling tea gained a considerable following, and is now highly prized as the "champagne of teas!"
OK, let's get down to brass tacks - this is an excellent tea, produced by a great company, and a tea I will NEVER be without. The tea has an excellent aroma and flavor and is harder to over-steep than some other teas that I have known. Also, something of a surprise is the fact that this tea tastes at least as good iced as it does hot! As such, year round you will find me making Twinings' Darjeeling tea.
So, here's the bottom line: if you want a tea that is excellent hot AND cold, then Darjeeling is for you. If you want tea from a great tea producer, then Twinings is for you. If you want the best tea in the world, then buy Twinings' Darjeeling tea
This is a deliciously, smooth tasting coffee. Rich flavor and no acid stomach! I've had a hard time getting it locally and Amazon has saved me
This is the only type of microwave popcorn we buy.  It tastes like a high quality popcorn.  My husband & I love the flavor
If you are ever in the mood for summer sausage but don't feel like cutting a piece off of a large log, these are the ticket.  They have a great taste and are the perfect the snack!  Highly recommended! 
For those of you who like the addition of briny olives and capers to your sauce, here is the answer.  What a great balance of flavors, and a quick and easy, yet delicious dinner alternative
Adding another Italian classic to our product line, Puttanesca comes from the expression puttanaio which, to put it modestly, translates into "a lot of things going on at the same time".  The rich combination of flavors: garlic, black olives, capers and fresh herbs come from the tradition of southern regional cooking.  
Recipe suggestions:  Use it over pasta or to add some spice to chicken, fish...or your relationship - just heat and serve, or bake it in.  Try mixing it in with scrambled eggs rolled in pita bread for a brunch alternative!  The favorite? Grill or pan sear swordfish and pour it on.
This pasta is very good.  It works great in salads, casseroles or regular pasta dishes.  I've only been gluten free for a few months and I think this tastes very similar to wheat pasta.  Granted, I've only tried one other kind of gluten-free pasta (made all of brown rice) but this pasta is FAR better and I like it enough that I feel no need to keep shopping around and trying other kinds
excellent coffee,good value, plus you are aiding the growers which is a big plus
Dried Fruit? The point of debate here is dried fruit. These are delicious; I ate many, many handfuls each serving. Their more like gum drops because of the sugar added by "infusion". I'm suprised that the oil does not factor into the flavor at all.
Not a typical dried fruit.
HIGHLY RECCOMENDED!!
These things are so delicious I think that we have gone through 2 bags already. Put them in your cereal, ice cream, yogart and any other place you can think of. I keep a bay by my bedside for those nite time muchies
Oh my good god. These are quite possibly *the* most delicious things I have ever eaten. 
In my life.
I came across these raspberries last year at a Costco here in SoCal, and then - to my dismay - they recently stopped carrying them. I've since been searching EVERYWHERE, and I am THRILLED to finally find them here! 
No other brand of dried fruit can compare. Their blueberries and cherries are also excellent (and I usually don't care for either). 
Highly highly HIGHLY recommended!
Wished I had read the nutritional facts before I bought this as 100/120 calories per serving are fat; 5 serving to a jar therefore 500 calories of fat in one 20 ounce jar. Ouch. Good thing I work out as I can afford that from time to time. 
Having said that, this does taste pretty good although I have had better when I have eaten out at good cafes.  Taste is 4 stars for me.
I paired this with canned sockeye salmon and rotini and it made for a quick and good meal.
Note that the sauce is pinker in color than the picture on my monitor.   
Overall, good enough to make me want to try some on their other mixtures.
Edit: Forced to update this as I later discovered one of the jars had developed a hairline crack and started leaking in storage.  This makes the 3rd order of products from this company that has developed leaking problems.  I won't purchase this company's products again, not because of the taste but because of the leakage issues
This sauce is so delicious!  It's full of good ingredients, and has a great shelf-life.  My husband and I can't get enough of this sauce
I recently used it over a few smoked sable fillets - tasty! We also like the Marinara. So versatile, flavorful and convenient.
What a great line of sauces the Scarpetta brand brings to the table.  I have tried all of them and the time saving of having these already in my kitchen is very helpful.  I am able to put a what seems to be a different, slow cooked italian meal on the table each night in just minutes.  The flavor profile of each of the Scarpetta brands is unique and tastes truly homemade.  You can feel the love that went onto each sauce.  Try them, you won't regret it
First I'd like to say that many of Nana's cookies are most delicious and I've tried most of the flavors.  My favorites tend to be this one and the chocolate coconut chip.  As one of the other reviewers pointed out you have to have a particular palate to enjoy this type of cookie.  For those of use that try to limit our processed cane sugar intake or have particular dietary restrictions...vegan, sugar substitutes, etc. these are really delicious and allow a taste of that bad for you diet that we've been led to believe we want.  Thanks Nana's for the natural foodie options
The chocolate crunch is my favorite of the gluten-free Nana's cookies, though the lemon is pretty good too.  I have a feeling the person who gave these 1 star is someone who can eat a freakin' cinnabon if she wants to.  For those of us who have dietary restrictions, it's a different story.  
It does take a while to get used to gluten free fare, but these cookies are among the best I've had, which is pretty impressive since they don't even have sugar in them.  And the fact that they don't have gluten, eggs, nuts, or dairy in them either is wonderful (yes, there are those of us out there allergic to all these things).  I just wish more stores carried them.  But now that I've found them on Amazon, I'll be ordering in bulk. ;
I used to have a hard time getting my kids to eat fruit until we tried the Just Tomatoes products. Now I have a hard time getting them not to eat the whole tub in one sitting. To have a picky eater eat all the fruits from this company is amazing to me. I love them too, great for a quick low calorie healthy snack
Our dog loves these treats and we love how good they are for him. Amazon has also been the best deal we've gotten for them. Petsmart & Petco are a lot more expensive and don't have all the flavor choices.
These are great: our vegan Golden Retriever seems to *love* them (and is very healthy); the cows, pigs, & chicks are pretty-darn happy she's eating veggie-treats; the treats are organic; and Newman's donates the profits to charities!  Now that's a win-win-win-win!
I only gave them 4 stars since the bags are so small and cause a lot of packaging waste which Newman's should be well aware of (why should we have to buy 6-packs of 10-oz bags instead of 30-oz or 60-oz bags)?  When that's resolved, they're getting 5-stars from me
Excellent ,Our dogs love them.We have small dogs,so the size is perfect.Little hearts for little dog
My little cockapoo loves Newman's Own dog treats, especially the peanut butter flavor. She'll usually eat anything, but I feel better about giving her treats that are healthy, organic, and made with high-quality ingredients that I could eat. No by-products here! Great price & highly recommended
My husband and I like to buy Newman's products. We love their cookies so we thought our dogs might like them, too. So we got these dog treats and the LOVE them. They're even shaped like hearts! They come with 6 bags so they'll last a while but they're packaged so they won't go stale
This is the best tasting shredded (= dessicated) coconut I have found anywhere in the USA.  It is organic and sulfite free.  This is the unsweetened, finely shredded, very small pieces of dessicated coconut which is used in South East Asia, Australia etc.  This is not the same product as American style coconut, of which the most common type is  Baker's sweetened angel flake coconut.  
I like to buy finely shredded/dessicated coconut because I often bake Australian, British and European style cakes and cookies, which do not work well when made with flake coconut.  I have also discovered that finely shredded coconut can be used to make your own coconut milk or coconut cream at home.  
Flake coconut and dessicated coconut have a different taste and texture.  A cup of sweetened angel flake coconut has about 2 tablespoons of sugar added to it, so it is very sweet compared to shredded/dessicated coconut, which has no added sugar at all.  The shredded/dessicated coconut is drier and the pieces are very small compared to the flakes, so it has more surface area. Because of these two things, 8oz of dessicated coconut will absorb more liquid than 8oz of flake coconut.  Some recipes will work quite well with either kind of coconut, but others will not, even if you compensate for the sugar and liquid.   Its better, especially for baking, to use whatever the recipe originally calls for.  
The coconut I received from Amazon tasted very fresh and had a good use by date.  If you want to increase the shelf life of the coconut, throw the bags into the freezer or the refrigerator.  They will keep there a year.  Once a bag is opened, I always keep it in the refrigerator.  I don't like buying this kind of coconut from health food stores, as it often comes in bulk bins and has been exposed to the air.  Unsweetened organic coconut can get stale or even develop a rancid taste if it is stored open to the air. The sweetened flake coconut is much more stable because it contains preservatives and sugar. 
If you are an Australian wanting to make things like lamingtons or coconut ice, you need to use dessicated/finely shredded cooconut.  Flake coconut will not give the right results.  Dessicated/finely shredded coconut is also excellent for replicating those little coconut macaroon cookies that you find in many Chinese buffet restaurants.  
Shredded/dessicated coconut can be mixed with water to make your own coconut milk or coconut cream.  I find this is useful because I rarely use more than 1/2 a can when I cook with coconut milk (curries, soups, laksa etc).  Sometimes I only want a spoonful or two, to add a little flavor to a smoothie or a banana cake.  I have tried making coconut milk from flake coconut, but for my taste, it was way too sweet and did not have a good texture.  
To make coconut milk from dessicated coconut:
Method 1.  Put equal parts of coconut and hot water by weight into a blender (eg 8oz coconut to 1 cup of hot water). Whizz in the blender for a minute or two.  If desired, you can strain and press it through a cloth or a fine sieve when it has cooled down.  This is not necessary for most recipes, unless you require a silky smooth texture for the end product.  For a lighter coconut milk, use 8oz of coconut to one and a half cups of water, or you can use "lite" shredded coconut to start with. 
  
Method 2.
Simmer equal parts by weight of coconut with hot water until froth appears.  Do not boil.  Remove from heat and let it sit until it cools down.  If desired, you can strain it through a cloth bag or a very fine sieve, pressing out as much liquid as possible.  
To make a thick coconut cream from dessicated coconut:
Use either method above, but use 4 parts of coconut to one part of water.  
I thought the price from Amazon was excellent, especially for an organic product.  At the time of purchase, it worked out at one dollar forty two cents per 8oz bag and in my case, shipping was free.  I can't find organic dessicated coconut anywhere else at this price.  
Overall I was very pleased with the taste, freshness, price and quality of this coconut.  I don't think that I will have any problems using up the 12 packets in one year, especially as I won't be buying any cans of coconut milk.  
great for cooking, really tasty and handy. only drawback is having to order 12, but they keep. try to split with a friend
I use plenty of this product regularly when making ice cream, cookies, cakes etc... I find that this product has a sort of natural sweetness or flavor on its own. Because of this much less added sugar is needed in baked goodies and in some cases added sugar is eliminated. To obtain this, i use this organic unsweetened coconut in combination with organic whole milk.
These are the perfect snack for on the go.  Actual REAL fruit--No sugar!  No "roll-ups" with 10% fruit!  They are not dry or leathery and even little kids can chew them well.  Just the right size for toddlers and small kids (and Moms too).  Great to stick in the diaper bag or purse for an impromptu healthy snack.  Works in any weather (won't melt) and even survives at the bottom of the purse!  Comes in lots of flavors, an organic version, and bigger bars too for a bigger snack.  Cheaper than lesser products at the grocery store.  GREAT!
I used these to add to a Christmas Gift Basket, filled with Special Cocoa Mix, Spiced Tea Mix, Fancy Jam Spread, and three or four Scones, for family and friends....and unexpected company.  Everyone loved them, and I had apackage or tow left for myself....and they are delicious. They are such a good value for the money, and an exdciting addition for these gift boxes
We just love Nonni's Biscotti products -- especially the limone!  It's always refreshing -- not too sweet/not too tart.  Finding them on Amazon was exciting because we haven't found them locally since coming to Florida.  The product offered by Amazon was also a great bargain
This is a delicately flavored, not too sweet treat.  Just the right thing for that mid morning coffe break and indivdully packaged for convenient transportation to work
The taste is OK, but not great.  The one thing about this that is somewhat annoying is that it's a two serving packet which means that it makes 16 ounces for liquid.  I really only want to eat up 8 ounces at a time.  That means I have to guess how much is half and then roll up the bag to save the remaining portion.  Even if I did want to eat the entire packet, I don't have a bowl that is 16 ounces (and all my bowls are perfectly normal sized).  The bottom line here is that there is nothing wrong with the taste of the soup (still, I'm not in love with it).  I just wish there was a better way of packaging.  I'm the only one eating it, and maybe that affects my opinion.  If you have more than one person in your family then it won't be a problem at all, and you can ignore everything I've said.
This is a great alternative to chicken soup if you get sick. It will alkalinize you blood and help to get better much faster than you would normally do. Also try it in the morning instead of your regular cup of java - it will perk you up without the jitters of caffeine. True it has a lot of solium, but this sodium is from sea salt that brings with it much needed trace minerals. The seaweed veriety is the best. Open minded and adventurous folks will love it right away, for others it may take some time to get used to. Do try. Your body will thank you
Looks like it got squashed a little, and i guess somebody opened the package because i think there was supposed to be a seal there since this is new. But I checked everything inside it counted all of the peices and everything was there. I tried one and its great. This is a good buy for what you get. I just got a Damaged package but its not damaged that badly just the outside is a bit squased. Overhaull 4 stars out of 5 I will buy here again. Fast delivery. Thank
I received the correct item in a timely manner, and it was organic.  My kids love them (as do I).  I love finding healthy snacks that don't have any additives or junk in them
I even drink it when Im at home, I carry a few in my make up case, and when Im away from home and thirsty, instead of buying a soda full of sugar, I buy a bottle of water and add the small pack and ready!! a delicious low calorie sugar-less drink. And this flavor is specially delicious!!
I am a no coffee, drink tea ALL the time person.  I have tried so many teas and am constantly interested in trying new ones.  This has to be the most wonderful green tea out there!!  It is wonderful!!! 
I love this tea!  It is very refreshing, and has a wonderful aroma. It doesn't get bitter like other green teas.  Once I tried this green tea, this was the only one for me.
I am addicted to this green tea! It has the smell of passion fruit. I have to have at least 1-2 cups a day. Great Buy. Can't find it at all stores and it cost half the price on Amazon
these are my husbands favorite thing to eat. thank you for making available at such a great discoun
I recieved the variety pack today and tried this flavor first. I buy natural snacks for my kids (freeze dried fruit etc with no added sugar), but I find them bland. So I ordered these and I love them. In fact my 4 year old wanted to try and she liked it - it wasn't too spicy for her. You can tell they used "hot" spices, but they are very well done so as to not be too much. The nuts are big and crunchy and the fruit is small and chewy. There is about equal of both nuts and fruit. They do use evaporated cane juice and organic tapioca syrup, but these are healthier than alternatives and there are still only 5 grams of sugar per 1/4 cup serving
The product, if reviewed just on taste, would only warrant a two, but the convenience is worth a five.  It is probably the best La Briute product that I have found.  It is a two minute meal that is not completely objectionable, but it is way too salty
Unlike the December 2006 review, and much like the most recent reviews, there's not much in this soup, other than very small bits of seafood and some potato.  I'm thinking that 1) the recent quality has gone downhill, or 2) the December 2006 review was a "plant."  Anyway, the taste was okay, but it definitely doesn't rate up there with Legal Seafood (which I've had at one of the restaurants, and at the Boston airport, both much better than this)
I love soups and stews and I am in LOVE with this Seafood Chowder.  It's the absolute best flavor and chock full of a variety of seafood.  The taste is great!!  I've tried many many chowders and this ranks the highest of any I have ever eaten....even Legal Seafood's or Wolfgang Puck's or several local Massachsetts seaside restaurants.  And it's all natural with no artificial ingredients.  I recommend this to everyone who loves seafood and chowders.  Of all the Baxter Soups and Chowders, this is really the only one I recommend everyone try.  I repeat...it's great!!  It is a bit high in salt though.....~1,400 mg/can but if this is the only salty food eaten all day...it's OK.  Try it....it's heavenly!
This is the best home style sushi kit. You get the basics, excellent rice, sushi wrap sheets, & soy sauce.  I made these & added thin sliced cucumber & smoked salmon in the rolls as I assembled them.  The best!!!!  The possibilities are endless!!!!  Try it & you'll see.  Sometime I can be all thumbs, but this was very easy & the quality of the food was excellent
 Quite tasty! No  flavorings in the rice but still a very nice light lunch. Can be a bit messy for those of us who are not skilled sushi roll wrappers. I was planning on making this a regular part of my pantry but see that the price has just gone up changing it from a good value to not enough food for the money.If the price goes down I'll buy it again but not for 15 dollars a six pack
These are a definite time saver with a couple of faults which another reviewer pointed out -- no flavorings in the rice, nori cut too small.  To get around the rice problem, just add a little rice vinegar and sugar to the rice and it comes out quite good.  I don't particularly like wasabi but they should probably add a packet to the box for those who do.  The nori sheets taste good and fresh if maybe slightly salty for my tastes.  As stated before though, they are definitely cut way too small. You cannot achieve any kind of decent looking roll with them, but if you aren't picky about what the finished product looks like and if you pack any added ingredients pretty thin, you can get it to hold together long enough to eat it.  Bottom line is for the ten bucks I paid for 6 packages, I'd say it is a definite winner for 6 cheap fast lunches that taste much better than they look.  I can't eat one sushi roll at a local sushi bar for less than 8 to 10 bucks.  Now that the price for these has gone up a little, I'd probably consider just buying the larger size Annie Chun precooked sticky rice containers (if Amazon gets them back in stock) and providing my own full size nori sheets. 
to get you through to your next meal. My children and I love this flavor and it really tastes like peanut butter
Pretty good.  Solid peanut butter taste and no digestive problem.  I enjoyed them for hiking and biking.   I don't recommend them near water, because when wet they taste not so good.  
Good snack for kids when hungry and its better for them then sugarly things.    
My husband loves Ensavor Garlic Chicken Stew.  He loves the taste, the convenience, and the fact that it is made for diabetics.  My husband is pre-diabetic and is on a medically supervised diet for his condition.  He keeps Ensavor in his office for lunch, in his briefcase for meals out with clients, and takes it with him when he travels.  It's a great product.
I just finished up my first bag of this coffee, it's great. I normally buy Starbucks Breakfast Blend, just so you know for comparisons purpose-
but I am switching to this brand. It's just the perfect blend for me, smooth but strong enough to wake me up.
When mini-wheats first came out in the grocery store, I tried them. However, I found they were bland. It was like trying to eat sticks in milk. 
Then came "frosted" mini-wheats. Okay, I decided to give it a go. Now I had sticks and sugar in milk. However, I did find out that if you forego the milk and just eat them straight from the box, like potato chips, they are excellent!
Now Kellogg's has added fruity flavors to the mini-wheat. THESE I CAN EAT IN MILK! Yippee! Finally! 
I picked up the "Strawberry Delight" in bite size. Even though I can eat them in milk, I find that I still prefer just to eat them straight from the box, like potato chips, a type of chex-mix, or square wheat thin snack. 
Each serving has 140 calories. Compare that to other cereals and you'll see it is about 60 - 100 calories less. No saturated fat. No trans fat. No cholesterol. No sodium. Total fat is only 0.5g according to the box. I don't see how, since zero and zero is, well, zero. But I can live with 0.5g. 
Here is the bad news, the carbohydrates. There are 35g of carbs here. But that is about the same as all the other brands. Diabetics may want to pass on this due to the 10g of sugar per serving. And remember, a single serving is about the size of HALF a base ball. Not much. So if you are just pouring cereal into a "cereal bowl" without measuring, you are probably getting 2 or 3 servings in that one bowl.
All-in-all, unless you are diabetic, this mini-wheat is terrific! 
Reviewed by Detra Fitch of Huntress Reviews
If you like almonds and cruchy granola bars these bars are for you.  They are higher in fat than I would like them to be.  But they are delicious.  Great for a quick breakfast or snack.  There are 2 bars in each packett and I usually eat one for breakfast and then one later for a snack
I am the newest member of the lose & informal office Oatmeal club. I have introduced this Hot Cereal to many a members who are all hooked. Those who love oatmeal are and hooked and those who HAD-to-eat-oatmeal-as-a-kid-and-now-hate-it love it. It tastes great, has great farro or barley like texture and it smells heavenly and gets the appetite going
I discovered these a few months ago and now I eat them for breakfast everyday. The nutrition info is good and so is the taste
I use this mix on a regular basis.  Both my daughter and I are gluten intolerant so we are always on the lookout for great tasting GF products.  This mix makes a great sugar cookie,in fact, when I brought some for a party at my daughter's school, kids preferred my cookies to the other sugar cookies brought.  This also makes an excellent chocolate chip cookie
This makes a great cake or cupcakes. I used a modification to make it a chocolate cake & it was a hit, and also baked them in little bear molds -- the kids loved them. I have 3 little grandgirls and a daughter who are celiac, and these mixes are the best thing to have in the house. No one non-celiac can tell the difference
This broth tastes just like roast beef; rich, delicious and full of flavor. Some may think it's a little salty so taste your food before seasoning with extra salt. I'm definitely going to buy more because it is so easy to turn into broth and takes up much less cupboard space than the boxes of stocks. Excellent product
I bought these nuts for my wife as she likes hazelnuts. She seems to love this brand and she snacks on these nuts very often. My only complaint about these nuts is the price, but, then, everything that is good costs money
We love this product.  We use it in granola and in making the best chocolate hazelnut bark ever. 
Last weekend as a volunteer at Vegfest, I had the absolute pleasure of getting to sample all three sauces.  For four hours I worked alongside the creator of these heavenly cooking sauces.  The wonderful thing about them is that they are not only delicious but are also so simply to use.  Recipes are on the sides of the jars, and they allow you the freedom to choose your favorite foods.  I can't recommend them highly enough.
Great substitute for high fat potato chips. Good amount of soy protein (6g per serving), excellent flavor, good crunch, and texture. These are actually pretty healthy and a great substitute for someone looking for a low fat diet. No trans or saturated fats. My wife and young daughter, who do not need a low-fat diet as I do, love these. Woohoo
I love black pepper and have only recently discovered sea salt as a very tasty addition to foods, and I like soy products - And I am, sorry to say, a potato chip junkie. So when I saw the description of these potato soy crisps, I had to order them to try them. Boy, am I glad I did! They are very good right out of the bag; but they are almost in the shape of little bowls, so dips and spreads, even cream soups can be scooped up in them. They go with everything! Nice, fresh taste, too. This one will be a staple in my pantry
I brought a few bags to a work day in May, and people are still asking me about them, because you can't buy them in stores around here. They're a cross between the soy version of rice cakes and potato chips, but people eat them by the handful like potato chips. But instead of making you sluggish like a bag of chips, the soy protein gives you energy
About a month ago, I noticed a new product at my local QFC. It was on sale and I actually did a double take and returned to check out the display. It was filled with bags of fancy nut mixes by Sahale Snacks.  I had been trying to wean myself off sweets by substituting nuts and other trail mixes for candy whenever I got the munchies.  Sahale snack mixes looked like the fancy, upscale "town mouse" to my regular, boring "country mouse" trail mixes.
The one that caught my eye was Sing Buri with cashew, pineapple, peanut, lemongrass and Chinese chili. The ingredients definitely made my mouth water, but the picture on the front is what sold me: a heaping bowl of delicious sweet and savory looking cashews and dried pineapple. The bag was pretty expensive at $5.99 on sale for 5 ounces, but I was definitely hooked at that point and decided to give it a try. I didn't even wait to get home, but opened up the bag in the car and started snacking right away. It was amazing! 
The more I looked into Sahale Snacks, the more I liked. On the website, the story is told of the two founders hiking up Mt. Rainier in Washington State, dreaming of something beyond the regular peanut/raisin/m&m combo that was their trail mix. What resulted was a snack mix that was indulgent and healthy.
These snack blends are a little pricy, but in my opinion, totally worth it. This would be a wonderful nut mix to offer to friends and guests when entertaining. This is a high brow snack that you or your guests will love.
I love this pasta!  It only takes three minutes to cook and has a great flavor.  I would prefer a 100% whole wheat pasta, but this tastes so good I will continue to purchase this
The Southwestern Spanish flavor is pleasant but not overpowering, and the rice is fluffy, not "clumpy" like other brands. I always keep a pouch in my car and at the office for when I don't have time to get out for lunch, and in my suitcase for when I need a late night snack while travelling. We always take Viva La Rice when camping, backpacking or boating. This is an excellent product at a very fair price
My kids really like to eat this as an after-school or late-night snack.  However, they like it best when it has been heated for 90 seconds instead of the 60 seconds recommended on the package.  My oldest takes it to high school as part of his lunch because it is so quick and he has only 30 min for lunch
The best tasting lollipops, the fact they are organic is a huge plus. Our main focus in our house is to be free of chemical dyes and these fit the bill. They have been a hit with my kids and all the other children we have shared them with. 
If you care about the sugar that your kids are getting and you want a great tasting lolly... these are great!!! WOW
Thse are the best lollipops I have ever tried- organic or not. The flavors are delicious, honestly. I would highly reccommend them to anyone! 
I bought these lollipops for my allergic kids, because these are the only lollipops I have found that don't contain corn.  Not only do my kids love them, but so do my coworkers!  They are delicious - much more flavorful than your usual boring lollipops.  Watermelon is the office favorite so far..
I wasn't sure about this, as I normally buy green tea.  It is a very pleasant tea. It smells great and is light. 
I was hesitant to buy this tea, since  all of the Lipton brand teas I have tried have a musty taste and odor to me. But the idea of a mango and peach flavored tea (my two favorite fruits) was irrisitable to me. I am so glad I gave it a try. The scent was incredible and the taste just as good. With a little honey it was one of the best cups of tea I have ever had
Its a shame they quit carrying it. I would have reordered twice by now
nutritious soft & delicious organic, zero trans fats ,whole grain & Hemp
For fiber omega 3's and some protein ---we just love em!!
These bars are terrific.....very moist unlike many other snack bars.  They are quite tastey and my kids really like them, too
My son loves the yankees so I thought these were great when I saw them on teh website.  My son loves finding them as a surprise in his lunchbox
This product is great for those meals when you have no time or patience for a larger meal plan, and it is so handy for any camping or trips where vegetarian food may be scarce.  It can be added to any rice or noodle dish, or eaten plain with vegetables.  The taste is pleasing.
These Airforce drinks have reasonable flavors and clear attributions as to their ingredients. Additionally, they seem to provide a little nutritional support beyond the comfort provided by functioning as a polite treat. I like this mandarin-mint flavor the most but all are pretty good. The small Red Bull style cans look chic in the refrigerator and are a lovely, rather special no-trouble hospitality offering for guests and visitors
I was a little surprised.  I'm not a huge fan of packaged rice or noodle dishes, but sometimes I need to throw together something quickly.  I was intrigued by the list of ingredients, and decided to give Fox River Rice Creole a try.  I'm glad I did!  This is seriously good stuff -- lots of flavor, easy to prepare, etc.  Best of all, it's not overly salty, one of my pet peeves with packaged food.  It's great as a side dish, but I think it would also be wonderful with a little dded sausage (maybe some andouille).  I'll definitely be purchasing this again
My children love Smart Puffs.  I love the smaller packages for school lunches. 
This is a tasty on the go snack if you are lucky enough to get good fresh batch. The last bunch I got wasnt as enjoyable as I was used to. I realised it was because it lacked crunch. Would buy it again though. Great guilt free snack. Great for kids too
These are sweet and crunchy and I love them. My only concern is the price. At a dollar a piece, it's a little more than my buget allows for a snack. Luckily one packet is usually big enough for me to split for my kids
Full bodied and flavorful.  Make the Medium cup for a smooth and mellow cup of Java.  If you make the Tall, it will be alittle weak
  Of the Gloria Jean coffees mudslide is my favorite.  Good taste when used with the Keurig B70 and the 9.25 oz size brew.  I am on my 2nd order, over 50 k cups made, and have never had a misfire.  The previous reviewer simply had a bad batch
This jerky is awesome! Great shape, extremely good taste (kind of sweet for jerky, but very tasty) and very healthy (no nitrites, no MSG, no hormones, etc.). Try it
Anyone who thinks cereal is boring for breakfast hasn't tried this one.  It's so tasty, yet also healthy.  It's my favorite, but lately has been impossible to find.  Kellogg's is missing the boat by not giving this cereal a top-notch advertising campaign because once people try this cereal, they're hooked!  Now if we could only get it back on the grocery shelves or the online grocery again (are you listening, Amazon??).  In the words of another old commercial, "try it, you'll like it!
I was never big on cereals until I tried this one.  Now I'm hooked. This
is a very flavorable cereal with a nice mix of strawberries and blueberries.  It's great for anytime you have the "munchies" but don't want to eat empty calories. It's also the best of all the cereals that
add fruit
We 1st found this coffee at a local store. The local store decided not to carry it anymore and we were without it until we found that Amazon sold it.
It has a good aroma and taste plus it is organic as well.
This is the first gluten-free product I found that my daughter likes.  Perhaps "likes" isn't the right word -- she eats large helpings every time I serve it.  For a little variety, I put some broccoli cuts or carrots right into the mix.
This is THE favorite in our household
Another Viva La Rice Ready to eat product that is delicious with just the right amount of flavor and great texture! I don't know how they do it but it is just right in size to take to work, camping, or to have at home
This cereal is not quite as hearty as some muesli I am used to, but is excellent. Many characteristics on the plus side: is truly multigrain (contains wheat, oat, corn, rice, barley and millet), is sweetened only just enough to appeal to the palate - which is to say it is not horribly sweet like the common American breakfast cereal, is light and crispy with some of the ingredients powdery so they tend to combine with milk and make it thicker, and does in fact have a nice light blueberry flavor. The only aspect I'm not thrilled about is that the raisins and almonds are scarce compared to the excellent, less expensive muesli-type cereal I buy at the local Aldi. This Nature's Path cereal has a corn-flake-like chip predominant, as shown on the box
These brownies have a wonderful chocolate flavor, and I can eat them without worrying about hydrogenated oils, preservatives, unnatural colors or flavors because there aren't any! So far I have made two batches.  Neither batch came out perfectly chewy.  The first batch came out a little hard, but the 2nd batch was better than the 1st, and I think I'm getting the hang of it.  This is better than anything else I've tried.  I had given up on the other commercial mixes due to additives, so this is a great treat.
These brownies are pure and natural. Being all organic there is no chemical flavor that is usually present in boxed brownie mixes. This mix makes a delicious batch of chewy chocolate heaven, you can taste the richness of the real organic ingredients. I urge you to try a box, a chocolate lovers dream
If you are looking for gluten free cereal that is not sweet...this is the one. It tastes like corn flakes and holds milk well
The number of palatable gluten free cereal flakes is quite limited and they are usually quite expensive.  This cereal costs $7.00/bag at my local health food store.   One needs a place to store a case of 26 oz bags, but it's worth it to buy from Amazon.com by the case
When it comes to prepared cereals, this has to be one of the best manufactured in North America in terms of value for money.  That it is also delicious and that it doesn't go soggy as soon as you pour on the milk are two more good reasons to try and buy Mesa Sunrise.  And if you are concerned about all that other stuff mentioned described with words like "organic", "kosher", "gluten-free" and so on, then by all means enjoy the extra feelings of vindication
I hate oatmeal. I am not an oatmeal person. I've tried lots of different brands and flavors because I like the health benefits of eating oatmeal. I bought this because of the flax seeds, and wanting to incorporate more omega-3 fatty acids in my diet but what I got was a pleasant surprize. This is a good tasting oatmeal. I heat it up and add soymilk at the end to the consistancy that I like
This instant oatmeal is the only one I have had that tastes like real oatmeal.  It does not have that artificial taste that most instant oatmeals have
This bruschetta topping is made from perfectly ripe tomatoes and capers and has a full, baslamic base note. The chuncky texture is perfect for those who would prefer home-made, but the quality is as good or superior to the sauces I've made at home. I like the other flavors of pasta sauce, too, but the bruschetta topping is my favorite for its chunky texture, ripe fruit, and deft balance of seasonings
Unbelievably rich and chocolaty without sugar! No artificial sweetener aftertaste. I like that it's low fat AND high in calcium.  Plus the canister (instead of individual packets) lets you vary the portion to match the size of your mug or your strength preference.  Yummy on a cool day
This is my first freeze-dried fruits experience.  Fruits are very sweet, except the kiwi was a little tart.  I have tried other fruits from the same merchant, pleased.  And just received the apples.  I will slowly try the rest of flavors.  Need to say more
I like flavored coffees but not my husband. That's part of why we got Keurig maker. Have started trying the different flavors and this is the dessert-y kind of flavor I'm looking for (and my other top favorite so far is Green Mountain's Caramel Vanilla Cream). Been making it on the 8oz mug setting and just fine
This is a wonderful tea: aromatic, smooth, and robust.  I haven't come across a better Earl Grey yet. 
This is in my opinion by far the best Earl Grey Tea in the Market. Loose tea is significantly better in taste than the tea bags from the same manufacturer. The 6 pack is a great deal
The opportunity to get Twinings Earl Grey in large containers at a very reasonable price was too good to pass up.
Outstanding full-flavored Earl Grey tea. Better than the other non-branded Earl Grey teas
Earl Grey is my favorite blend of tea by far - no competition there. The biggest secret with this tea once given to Earl Grey of Hoswick Hall (British Prime Minister in 1830 - 1834) by a Chinese manadarin, reportedly in gratitude after the earl saved his life, is to get just the right doseage of bergamot oil, a rather intense, tangy scent derived from the bergamot orange (which in turn is a cross between the pear lemon and the sour orange; the latter is native to South Vietnam, and its oil was probably the recipe's original ingredient). Using too much bergamot oil can easily obscure the black tea's natural flavor - but with Twinings you just can't go wrong, because the original Earl Grey turned to this very company for a match to the quickly dwindling supply he had received from his Chinese friend. 
(From the Twinings website: "When the mandarin's tasty gift began to run out, Earl Grey asked his tea merchants, Twinings, to match it for him. Twinings unique blend was the Grey family's long-standing favourite. When guests inquired about it, they were directed to Twinings on the Strand, where they would ask for Earl Grey's tea by name.") 
Unless you insist on having *all* your tea with cream or milk, I recommend having this one without any kind of milk products: not only does the original recipe not call for such an addition; in my mind it just plain ruins the blend's particular flavor. (But that's just me, of course.) Whichever way you have it, though, if scented teas are your kind of thing, Twinings Earl Grey should be right up your alley
These are great, the whole family loves them and they have 5 mg fiber per package. Really tasty, nice and crunchy. I have several boxes of them in the car for when the little ones need a little something when we are on the go. Other snack ideas include those little raisin boxes (but then raisins get everywhere) and packages of dried fruit (which seem to work pretty well since they are not as sticky as raisins). These All-Bran snack bites really go over well and they are much healthier than candy. 
I sure wish Amazon would sell these online
These are a delicious and nutritious snack! My husband, who would otherwise never eat such a thing, wolfs these down because they are so scrumptious. The all-bran bars are great too. Keep up the good work, Kellogg
Quickly became my favorite when it first came out.  Tastes great and the milk doesn't turn orange like some of the new granola type cereals.  I also use it on ice cream to add crunch.  I would give it 5 stars but even though it think it's great it is overpriced.  Price here is about the same as out local Safeway
This is a very high quality snack which combines a hearty, solid granola with irresistable double chocolate.  I really love this product -- a chocolate lover's dream.  Yet, it's surprisingly healthy and not too sweet.  The fat/sugar content is comparable to most other granolas.
I've tried numerous granola's over the years, and this one is special.  Probably not the most nutritious granola overall, but it's definitely a treat for the tastebuds and a welcome relief from ordinary granolas.
I would not have this as my exclusive source of granola, but I will buy this many more times in the future to satisfy my chocoholic cravings.  In fact, I will probably always keep this product handy because it's highly satisfying.
Great for a breakfast, snack or dessert.  Yummy
My family always enjoys Mini Wheats and this shipment was no exception. Everything was just as tasty as store-bought. I have recommended Amazon to family and friends. When I had a question, Amazon was right there to solve the problem.
I purchased this product in the last week from a local store and was so suprised at 1.) How good it tastes and 2.) How much the texture is like real oat granola.  I had seen the GF granola before but did not get it because I thought the flakes would make it more like flake cereal.  I was definitely mistaken.  Not only does it satisfy my texture cravings, it has some great ingredients like flax seeds and dried fruit.  It actually had a good ratio of fruit to nuts and other contents, rather than having one or 2 pieces of fruit in the whole bag like some other manufacturers like to do.  In all, I totally loved this product and now that I see buying in bulk from Amazon will save me $2/bag, I will be sure to buy it here next time
Finally a GF/CF granola! This stuff is amazing!  I got it for my husband and daughter (2) who are GF/CF, but I love this stuff too!  And I am truly not a nuts and seed person, but I can't stop eating it!  I'm so happy to be able to give my daughter a snack that has such great protein in it and is so easy to eat! My husband is just going to keep a bag in his car to snack on
My [...] was addicted to all kinds of cheese crackers. When she had to go gluten-free, we searched for some adequate substitute.  While they are not cheddar goldfish crackers, they are very tasty and satisfying. 
Tastes great and the price was good
My wife loves STRONG coffee. this is the only K-cup that did the trick for her. Makes a good bold cup of coffee
EXCELLENT replacement for the Campbells condensed soup.  I am able to cook gluten free for a crowd and no one can tell the difference with this simple substitution.  It is the best
This is an excellent source for omegas and EFAs
and also great tasting. All the benefits with out the drive to the healthfood store and their high markup on the price. Fantastic product from OUTSIDE the US because of
uneconomic gullible politician false impressions
Nutty taste, this good for you oil makes great iol based salad dressings
I was surprised to find out that amazon sold groceries and at a much better price then could be found in a supermarket. A+ to Amazon
What I like most about these muffin packs is that the whole mix only makes 6 muffins total.   Many other mixes make 12 or more, and, if you have a small household, you're stuck with way too many muffins.
These were better than expected - they are soft, flavorful, and baked perfectly.  Also, use a small amount of cooking spray on your muffin pans and these will pop right out of the pan after cooking.
It isn't the healthiest food out there, but overall, I'd recommend this mix
This is simply wonderful licorice with an intense, layered flavor.  My Dad's a long-time licorice fan and this stuff gives him a big smile -- so he's getting a four-pack for Christmas!
Great texture, great flavor, great price
Increases nutritional value of soups and smoothies and tastes almost like nuts
I first tried this product when I was studying in Philadelphia. I ordered it for an Organic group I lead on campus and the reviews were outstanding. I simply love the product and taste of the hemp seeds. No trace drugs, just natural nutritionally-beneficial components
Would highly recommend this product -- I've bought it for friends even, to show them that granola could be this wonderful.  I've tried the Flax Plus also, but it wasn't as good as the Hemp Plus.  I would also recommend the bar form of this product, which doesn't seem to be on Amazon currently and is a bit pricy in stores
Hardley any bad ones in the whole bag. I bought these through "Figis" and theirs were terrible compared to these and had a lot of bad ones in them, plus they cost more
The nuts used tasted very fresh. The bite sized chunks were just right. It is lightly sweetened but not too sweet. Very satisfying = )
These nuts are excellent, just a light glaze to sweeten tham a bit
I've enjoyed this product for several years, and it was very convenient for me to be able to get it in the mail from Amazon. Thank you
The Granola bar has a high sugar content but not excessively sweet.  However, the bar tastes good and the trace of honey is appealing.  It has a crunchy texture.  The manufacturers have added peanuts too the mixture providing a rich taste.   The prohibitive price makes these bars less attractive.  12 bars go quick.  
I recommending waiting until a coupon opportunity surfaces and then buying the bars in bulk. The bars have good self life and make a nice addition to your food storage.  The bars are great for snacks for trips and a energy pickup mid-morning and later in the day
These bars have an amazing, mildy sweet and nutty flavor!  The bars are very crunchy and hearty in texture and are therefore super satisfying as a snack at any time of the day!  They've been around forever and I haven't found anything new that beats them yet!  The Oats N Honey is our family's favorite flavor!  We've tried others and always gone back to the true classic!  I usually purchase ours at the local grocery store, but I am in the middle of trying to figure out if amazon offers a better deal.  Try it, you'll like it
This is a very tasty, creamy hot cereal. If you're gluten-sensitive, give this a try -- after I switched to a gluten-free diet, I was missing oatmeal something awful. I thought I would give this a try as an alternative, and was glad I did! With some brown sugar and raisins and a little imagination, you can be satisfied with this cereal
These were absolutely delicious.  I bought them as a treat for my co-workers, they disappeared very quickly.  We couldn't stop eating them and will be ordering them again.  They are not shiny covered almonds like we were expecting, rather they are hand dipped in a LOT of very good chocolate and have drizzles over the top and a flat bottom edge.  Very fresh taste
I love swiss miss cocoa, especially the little marshmallows they put in the pack.  The milk chocolate is great, the Rich chocolate has a little deeper chocolate/semi-sweet to darker flavor, and the Marshmallows are just cool. Great for the wintertime. Stock up and enjoy.  Also great to use part of a pack in a cup of coffee, get the sweetness of Cocoa, and the kick of coffee, got me through a few late nights
They taste like graham crackers and are great portion control! I ordered a case for the ladies at work and we split it. If you are counting calories this is the way to go
I bought a case of these at the same time as I purchased the cheddar fries. These are smaller packages, so you get more in a case. These are white cheddar steak fries where the cheddar fries are thinner and longer. These white cheddar steak fries are white and very cheesey and salty snack, They have unique flavor, and don't taste anything like the cheddar fries at all. I gave it a 4 star cause I prefer the cheddar ones better
I love Andy Capp Steak Fries but be warned about long shipping times.  It has been two weeks since my order and I haven't received the product.  I don't know if FEDEX style shipping would have helped
These are slightly thicker than regular gluten cornflakes, but still tasty. Don't expect them to be sweet...like frosted flakes. They are just plain. Very good though...and great in recipes
As anyone who has tried Bahlsen Hit cookies knows, they are absolutely yummy, despite the odd packaging and name.  A nice crunchy cookie, not sickeningly sweet, good with cream and sugar tea.  funny thing about the minis though, both sides of the cookie are facing the same direction, so that one of the sides is the "wrong" way, with the printed side towards the cream....just a sidebar--no detraction from how tasty these cookies are.  
...with free shipping using "prime" beats local grocery at twenty five bucks for six boxes
I have to agree. Best Earl Grey there is. Robust but not bitter. I have tried the other brand(s) and none compare. 
Oh look.. 4 o'clock.. Tea Time
Best Damn Earl Grey on the market. The Bergamot is well balanced with the black tea flavor. Still good even if the bag is left in for 'too' long. BUY THIS TEA
So delicious and so healthy.  Fresh and crunchy - much better than peanuts.  I love these soy nuts
We enjoyed these, and they are a healthy snack.  They are not low calorie, but very nutritious
I have tried many brands of chocolate covered toffee and I have to say Virgina Diner English Chocolate Covered Toffee is one of the best!  It is very fresh and it melts in your mouth. 
We love popcorn as an occasional treat at night, but don't like the salt and fat that usually comes with most microwave popcorn.  We had been using a microwave popper to make our own plain popcorn, but with no oil whatsoever it lacked a little something.  This is just right - low in fat, no salt so we can add seasonings if we choose, and organic to boot. I also feel good about buying Newman's products because of the causes they support and all the money doesn't go to corporate profits
This coffee is amazing.. we stayed at the Shore Club in Miami Beach and we had some of this coffee with our breakfast at Ago Restaurant.  Hooked ever since, this is the only coffee I ever drink now.  Starbucks, Caribou are nothing compared to this.  One sip or sniff of the aroma, will get you hooked forever.  If you ever make it out to South Beach, ILLY has a store on Ocean Drive
I like these a lot.  They are only slightly salty, with a bit of molasses sweetness, all balanced against a mild licorice flavor.  They are medium-hard and very chewy, although they must be kept in an airtight container or they get too hard.  Personally I would prefer a stronger licorice flavor, but these are still among my favorites.
Salty licorice is indeed a strange thing for those who haven't tried it before.  If you've never had it before, don't start with a case (like what's sold here).  And definitely stay away from Double Salt licorice until you've learned whether you like the saltiness.
If you want black licorice but don't want the salty flavor, try "Haribo licorice wheels". Those have more licorice flavor than these coins, and less other flavor.  They're a bit sweet and a bit softer.
Note that these coins also come in bags.  Buying them that way is slightly more cost-effective, but the tubs might be a little more airtight
First things first, you will not be treated to that classic 'cooking' smell.    In fact, your appetite is better off not catching a whiff of that magnesium-salt concoction that heats your meal.  Think happy thoughts, and be oblivious.
Why?  Because the meal itself is actually pretty good (and has an airtight separation with the 'oven').  The package also includes plastic spork, knife, and napkin.  Basically, the ingredients are on-par with what you would typically find in canned stew (and similarly need not be refrigerated).  
However, the meal loses one star because the serving size is fairly small.  210 calories isn't a whole lot to go on, particularly if you must engage in strenuous physical activity under low-temperature conditions. 
Pros: lightweight, keeps well, cooks itself, easy disposal, tastes good.
Cons: cost and storage space per calorie is somewhat high.
If you were creative, you might be able to figure a way to cook something else using the box oven
I received one of these meals after Hurricane Rita. They were being handed out by first responders to people in the area before our utilities were restored. Excellent product. I wanted more so I could stock up in case of another disaster or emergency. I found their website and discovered that they were not for sale over the internet. I was very disappointed...until today. I went back to their website and saw that the meals are now available from amazon! This is great news! I suggest that everyone stock up on these meals in case of emergencies. They really come in handy.
This peanut butter was wonderful!!
Smooth and creamy just like they said! 
Good price too
I love Orville Redenbacher's Sweet & Buttery there is no other popcorn like it I'm a little upset because they took it off the self in Jersey City, If I can't find it i will buy Kettle Corn second best
My title says it all. A perfect blend of salty and sweet. Best of both worlds
The mix was a little lumpy...had some hard chunks that would NOT dissolve, they were as hard as rocks and some had to be fished out of the batter. The mix was not expired, it was as if it had been exposed to moisture or improper temperatures during storage. Still came out o.k. and tasted great.
Just tried this granola today---it's really good! The packaging is also great; just like a milk carton. No broken bags or messes to deal with and really easy to pour. This granola has the perfect blend of grains and just the right amount of raisins
Twinings blend of Ceylon and Indian tea produces that more traditional hearty aroma and pungent flavor. In non tea terms that means that it has the ideal combination of briskness, brightness, strength and flavor. Normally I wouldn't attribute these things to a canned tea that has been processed and sat in warehouses, trucks, and stores for long periods of time. Yet Twinings seems to hold up well. I love tea, would drink 24/7 if possible, and more often than not there are only three brands that sit on my shelf in any consistent manner and Twinings is definetly one of them
Most green teas have a grassy, astringent taste to them but this tea is unbelievably smooth and slightly sweet.  Highly recommended, as are all of Rishi's "Ancient Tree" teas
I recently gave up coffee & made the switch to teas.  Lipton & other grocery blends were bitter or weak.  I purchased the loose tea leaves from Amazon at a good price & quick shipping.  English friends suggested PJ Tips (?) tea which we found & ordered from another online site.  Twinning's blows it away.  Both the Earl Grey & Irish Blend are great both on the pallet & to the nose
Twinings was founded in London, England in 1706, and has a long and respected tradition of producing only the finest of teas. Irish Breakfast tea is a mixture of Ceylon and Assam (black) teas, well-known for its strong, malty taste.
OK, let's get down to brass tacks - Irish Breakfast tea is not for everyone. There's an old Irish saying that says that a proper cup of tea should be "strong enough for a mouse to trot on," and this tea is certainly within striking distance of that target! But, if you add milk and sugar to this fine tea, you will be rewarded with a smooth and full-flavored drink.
Irish Breakfast tea is in a class by itself among the teas I have drunk, in that it comes closest to being like coffee - that is having a strong taste that gets you up and going in the morning. Not all teas will stand up to a proper breakfast, but this one will. Overall, I have found this to be a wonderfully interesting tea, strong and robust.
And that's my review. If you want a tea that will round out your hearty breakfast, then Irish Breakfast tea is for you. If you want tea from a great tea producer, them Twinings is for you. I highly recommend this hearty tea
I bake 3-4 times per week, and honestly can say that this product is great.
I tried it for the first time to make bread - I almost cried: my bread was the best I ever made.
I will buy it again for sure
I had been searching for yeast in bulk and came across this brand.  I decided to try and was not disappointed.  I use it for bread and pizza dough
We really enjoy the crackers, just did not realize that we would not be able to consume 12 boxes between the end of August, 2006 and the expiration date on the product of November 10, 2006. Feel that the 12 boxes would last at least 6 months before expiration when you purchase a case.
Amazon, needs to let the consumer know what the expiration date is so you can make decision as to whether to purchase a case or not.
Otherwise they are great crackers
I first purchased these crackers because they have no soy in them.  My daughter is allergic to soy, and soy-free crackers are very hard to find.  I bought them, and to my amazement, my picky husband also loves them!  He prefers them to all other similar crackers.  I purchased a large number of boxes (which I keep hidden) as they tend to disappear rather quickly. 
I like a cup of coffee with character, and thus far this Black Gold Extra Bold has delivered.  The "Extra Bold" defines that this K-Cup carries an extra 20-30% of coffee per serving than the standard K-Cup, and as a result this delivers the extra kick that I tend to like.  We only brew at the 7.25oz, and sometimes the 5.25oz volume on our B-70 brewer as we prefer a stronger cup of joe.  This roast is on the dark side, and delivers flavor with intensity, and a nice smoky essence as described.  I also find that this provides a hint of crema, much like a shot of espresso when brewed fresh.  We like it, and if you like stronger coffee, we think you will too!  Try it
These are as close to the real thing as it gets. I added chocolate chips to half of the batter and crasins (dried cranberries) to the other half. I have had celiacs for almost 2 years now and these are the best gluten free product I have eaten! I had to hide them from the rest of my family b/c they liked them as well! 
My 2 1/2 year old son cannot have gluten items and these muffins are very adaptable and tasty.  I add fresh apples, bananas, or carrots with crushed pineapple plus some cinnamon or nutmeg and he loves these muffins!  They are a bit plain without the additions, though
I have a bag of Orville Redenbacher's Natural  Popcorn every night.  I have done this for years (I'm 76).  Orville's Popcorn is the best.  I love it
I'm known to be nuts for nuts, and I've tried nuts from around the world, as friends bring them back for me as gifts. Very near the top of the list of the best nut snacks is Mrs. May's Almond Crunch. From the first time I tasted it, to every time I eat it now, I am amazed at the crunchiness, quality of the almonds, lightly-sweetened glaze which is very unbrittle-like, attention to healthiness in the ingredients, etc. As a side note, because of how much I was impressed by this product, I went on a tasting spree by buying about 12 different kinds of Mrs. May's products, from the peanut and cashew crunches to the various sesame crunches, etc. Perhaps I'm biased to the original, but none of the others have that same magic. I would rate the rest as 4 stars. But the almond crunch should get 6 stars
My family and I love Almond Crunch, they're just sweet enough, very crunchy, and a perfect snack
I have tryed the Almond Crunch and is delicious and healthy snack better than chips Try it you'll agre
The nuts used tasted very fresh. The bite sized chunks were just right. It is lightly sweetened but not too sweet. Very satisfying = )
These are fresh, crunchy, natural, and healthy snacks you can reseal and keep in the car, crumble into non-fat yogurt or over salads, or pack some in the kids lunch. Convenient and delicious.
These are wonderfully crunchy and delicious. The calorie count is misleading, however! One piece is more than the 25 calories they claim it is. But it's worth it!
These are tasty, fresh and reasonably priced.   As finger foods, my grandkids love them plain.  A good buy and great for the grandkids (since mom does not know where we get them from and give them them in a plain paper bag.)  Personally I love them rolled in coconut oil and sea salt
I love the taste of this cereal.
If you like the puffed wheat sold in grocery stores for decades you too may find you love the fresh vibrant taste of these OVER SIZED grains of puffed delight.
Best served in very COLD whole organic milk.
I think I will go eat some NOW
Very nice Gunpowder Green Tea.  Gunpowder Green is fairly dark when brewed and has a robust flavor.  My favorite of the green teas.  Timothy's is quite flavorful and works well in the keurig
Just get them! We absolutely love this snack! The flavor is unique and refreshing. We even hide the bags from eachother so we get our own stash! The other flavors are good too, but this is Sahale shinning STAR! Thanks for such an "out of the box" snack!
I love these snacks, especially the Valdosta blend.  The others are good, but lack the crunchy punch of the  Valdosta.  It's a great snack or salad topper.  Delicious and good for you
*****
Moroccan Mint is a premium Numi tea. This herbal tea is certified organic and is kosher. 
On the box, the manufacturer says it better than I ever could: "In the Moroccan spring, the snow melts off the Atlas Mountains, watering the plains below. As the days warm, some of the most soothing, refreshing and full-flavored mint flourishes in this ancient land of the Berbers. With a flavor as light and lively as a newly picked leaf, our choice organic mint will become your favorite mint teasan. An all-day or after-dinner delight, no wonder the Moroccans drink ten cups a day."
The price is perfect, a big savings over single boxes. If you like Numi teas, get it---you won't be sorry.  If you are new to Numi but love mint teas, this is one that will not disappoint.  
****
No complaints on this one at all - very mild and easy to drink
The kids love 'em and what could be better than that?  I bought one box at the local grocery and glad to see they are available here.  We tried the strawberry, frosted, and like other reviewers I agree:  not too sweet, right amount of frosting.  Can't wait to try the next flavor
These are our new favorite breakfast food.  FANTASTIC!!!!  We love them, and that's even after we're on our second set of 12 boxes.  The strawberry flavoring tastes real, not fake like regular pop tarts.  Overall, the taste is sweet but not overly so.  This flavor is better than the apple cinnamon, which we have also tried.  Definitely one of our best Amazon purchases ever
Satisfying and good-tasting. A little heavy on calories unless it is a meal replacement
Very tasty and healthy product. However I ordered many and discovered expiration dates when I got them. Some had only a couple of weeks which was not sufficient. Wish the date could be a lot longer and at least remind us about expiration dates in the ad
This is the best crumb topping I have ever made. I got rave reviews for my christmas pies and it was so easy cause it was already made for you. Just add a few things and done. What a pleasure
I must admit that although it was pretty good, it made me want to go and find a good Rice Pudding recipe so I can keep the needed ingredients on hand to make homemade. I made it with water but will try it with milk next time as suggested by a reviewer below. Great item to keep on your shelf to make something quick & easy...and it makes your kitchen smell good!
4 Servings / 210 calories per serving
TOTAL FAT: 1.5g (1g SAT FAT) / TOTAL CARBOHYDRATE 47g
SODIUM 65mg / FIBER 1g / SUGARS 20g /PROTEIN 4g / Calcium 6% Daily Value
Fox river rice pudding is incredibly fragrant, almost overwhelming when you open the package. The finished product is mellow and delicious, not too rich. I'm going to try it in the crock pot one of these days. Glad I tried it
This Fox River Rice Pudding ROCKS! Quick Cooking,and you can adjust the consistency,as I prefer it to be fluffy as opposed to creamy.The cinnamon stick is a nice touch...although I would not recommend this product for those of you on a High fiber diet(like myself)to lose weight,as the overall fiber content is low...it is a nice treat that is low in fat and is extremely delicious
My family really enjoyed this rice pudding. I loved the real cinammon stick, it gave the rice a rich flavor. The aroma in the kitchen had everyone looking forward to a real treat. Best of all is how simple it was. Boil the water, empty package, wait 20 minutes. Enjoy!
just what it says: all white meat, individually sized, portable, and easy to prepare... perfect alternative for tuna sala
I am so glad I found these. My son (22 months old) is crazy about these apples and I can't find them at the store any more. They have a really great flavor and texture. They are very different than traditional dried fruit. The apples are plump and actually look like they came from an apple
The "Love at First Sip" pods brew a very good (but small) cup of coffee in the Melita one-cup coffee maker. The directions say that you can use the pod for two cycles (which would fill a large mug) but that is only if you enjoy your coffee very weak. This pod and system is perfect for people who only drink 1-2 cups a day and hate the waste and inconsistancy of a self-measuring system
I bought a few bags for my husband, along with other brands.  We are looking to buy bigger quanties of Tubi's.  This licorice is simply the best.  Wonderful taste of licorice.  Not over powered with anise, but wonderful molasses--true licorice
We really enjoy the crackers, just did not realize that we would not be able to consume 12 boxes between the end of August, 2006 and the expiration date on the product of November 10, 2006. Feel that the 12 boxes would last at least 6 months before expiration when you purchase a case.
Amazon, needs to let the consumer know what the expiration date is so you can make decision as to whether to purchase a case or not.
Otherwise they are great crackers
I first purchased these crackers because they have no soy in them.  My daughter is allergic to soy, and soy-free crackers are very hard to find.  I bought them, and to my amazement, my picky husband also loves them!  He prefers them to all other similar crackers.  I purchased a large number of boxes (which I keep hidden) as they tend to disappear rather quickly. 
I love these crackers for several reasons.  They are absoutely delicious, to begin with.  And they do not use ingredients like "partially hydrogenated soybean oil."  They are hard to find in stores.  It's a hit or miss thing, here in the Northeast.  So I ordered from Amazon.  Propmpt delivery, and ease of purchasing will keep me coming back
I tried this snack tonight and it was all I could do not to eat the whole bag.  Well, the night is young so I probably will.  I love the flavors and the spiciness of it
I bought the variety pack and tried this flavor fourth. I buy natural snacks for my kids (freeze dried fruit etc with no added sugar), but I find them bland. So I ordered these and I love this flavor. In fact my 4 year old wanted to try and she liked it - it wasn't too spicy for her. They use black pepper which is flavorful, but I wouldn't call it spicy
I love these nuts, I stock up on them whenever I can find them in the grocery store, now that Amazon is carrying them I can stock up whenever I go on a nut hunt.  They are sweet and crunchy and so stasifying that I can not go back to the other brand.  Actually I bought the "big" brand of nuts just recently and gave them away after trying a mouthful.  These nuts have spoiled me for any other.  These are GREAT!!
these are the best honey roasted peanuts ever!
i was thrilled to see that amazon carries them because i was having trouble finding them at the grocery store where i usually buy them
I am a school teacher and I only have 30 minutes for lunch. I eat one of these most days for lunch. It is very filling an inexpensive. It is easy and fast to heat up
My whole family loves this tea, even our 5 year old.  We drink it in the evening to calm and relax us.  When we are fighting colds or sore throats we drink it with a bit of lemon and honey.  We also put a couple of tea bags in our bath water for a soothing chamolmile tea soak.
It has a flowery/grassy flavor and is best a wee bit sweetened.  It is one of the best tasting chamomile teas we have tried.
Used in moderation it is not dangerous to your health and is a long-standing, respected herb in natural medicine.
People with severe hay fever may not tolerate this tea very well, but it doesn't affect me and I have WRETCHED allergies and all season hay fever
It just is! Not much else to say about this
Since I love Kellogg's Fruit Harvest with Strawberries and Blueberries I
thought I would try this one.  It is good but not as flavorable as Kellogg's.  It also has a nice mix of berries which includes raspberries as well as strawberries and blueberries. You can't beat the prices for
both Kellogg's and Golden Temple in the supermarkets.  Amazon is the way
to go for the best prices
These are the best almonds I've ever had.  Though it is true that the Amazon ad states they are all natural (an error on their part, not on Emerald), they are very close to it.  The pricing here is a bit high.  At our "higher end" market, I pay $5.49 for an 11oz canister.  The pricing is better to buy at the store than through Amazon overall.  But, if it is convenience that sways your buying preference, this comes fairly close (about $7-8 higher).  I do highly recommend this brand
I ordered this soup along with a bunch of others on my goldbox special a few weeks ago. The soup comes in individually packaged microwavable cups that are easy to take to work or school with you. Upon microwaving, the soup flavor was very good but the dehydrated items inside (particularly the noodles and the beans) were hard and crunchy. After letting the dehydrated items soak for a few minutes, I tried it and it was perfect.
Very good flavor, but it has a very strong garlic component to the flavor, maybe a little too strong. I would recommend further diluting the soup down which would entail emptying the contents into a larger bowl for heating, defeating the point of the microwavable cups.
I would purchase this soup again if it was offered at the Goldbox price of nine bucks for the 12 pack. But at the price currently offered, I'm not certain I would go for it again. Nevertheless, the flavor is good and if you like strong flavor with the convenience of the individually packaged cups, it might be worth a shot ordering it one time to see if you love it
This is dark rich coffee without a bitter taste. I've had to resort to adding creamer to get through other bold & dark k-cups. The San Lorenzo is good straight up
Timothys coffee is my favorite! And the 2 Packs boxes is a very good value
I'm a huge white tea fan and regularly keep more than five varieties at any given time.  Clipper's Organic White Tea with Peppermint is easily one of the best of any type of teas.  The flavor is balanced, well defined, and makes for smooth sippin
those dried stawberries were so hard to find where i live...
so i ordered from Amazon,they are wonderful came very fast too.
made stawberry scones with them   yumm
This is good and healthy. It is not too sweat and not too healthy tasty. It is just perfect for me.
I bought this green tea because it is organic. I knew I was getting a healthy product but what I got was much more. The taste is really good. It is fresh, smooth and full bodied. You will be pleased with this high quality tea. What a nice surprise. Note: This Bigelow product comes 40 bags to a box and 4 tea bags to a wrapper
For an egg free, wheat free, gluten free, dairy free bread it's an excellent bread.  Good consistency and texture and it tastes quite similar to typical bread.  My two year old loves eating it
Fast and easy to make, delicious to eat, and no sugar or fat !  Buying in quantity is economical and efficient
I love Pretzels and have to say that after trying my way through many different kinds, these are The BEST.
The taste great, are REALLY crunchy - a key requirement for me - and have just the right amount of salt. The Newman's Rounds are just as good - maybe even better.
And as an added bonus, Paul Newmann donates all his after tax profits from the sale of his products to charity - an unbeatable combination in my book
Well what else can I say.  I love Zatarain's.  Add a little sausage and you have a great quick meal. 
I bought these as gifts.  For the price, you can't beat it.  The tins each had a horrible sticker on them about shipping the items as a unit, I assume instructions for the warehouse packer.  When peeling them off, a lot of residue was left behind but it easily came off with rubbing alcohol
My husband and I went to Maui on our honeymoon 7 years ago. We actually brought some of this brand of coffee home with us. Imagine my delight to find it on Amazon! It is a very smooth coffee with an amazing aroma. Now I just need to go back to Maui
This product is packaged very nicely for keeping. It has good flavor without health-harming corn syrup. Used sparingly, there is very little downside to this product
I drink this daily - I mix it with a regular green tea that I brew all night and then make ice tea in the morning.  This tea is perfect for ice tea.  My sister says that it is the only tea that soothes her sore throat when she is sick.  This tea definitely has a unique flavor -you will either love it or hate it.  I love it.  I also love all the health benefits of Kombucha.  This will be a tea that I drink for the rest of my life
This tea tastes identical to the caffeinated kombucha, only it's decaf. Great and calming.  Price is great, too
I got these for my 4-year-old, who had become familiar with fruit snacks, which are full of nothing but awful things. She loves them, and so do my husband and I. I don't feel guilty about giving her these as a treat.
I've been buying Nature's Path gluten free foods for a number of years, and have been fully satisfied.  I've had access to somewhat lower prices than what traditional grocery stores put on their products, but am delighted that Amazon's price is virtually identical to the prices offered by the discount organic foods market we've purchased these from in the past.  I doubt you'll find Nature's Path products any lower anywhere else, particularly when you consider no sales tax and free shipping if the order is large enough.  Also, I contacted Nature's Path once with a question about one of their products (the Mesa Sunrise flakes).  Customer service is excellent and very friendly (much nicer than we typically get "down here" in the States - they're a Canadian company up in B.C.).  If this sounds like a commercial, it's not intended to be - I just have been entirely satisfied with Nature's Path foods for years and have no complaints at all.  When a company does a good job, they deserve referrals - everybody wins
Anyone following a gluten-free diet knows how expensive it can be to buy the gluten-free version of anything - and when trying a product for the first time you hope it actually tastes good.  This is one gluten-free product I am completely delighted with - both in taste and price.  These corn flakes are crunchy and delicious (I like them better than the glutenated alternatives), and work well for other recipes.  Candies, cereal crumb pie crusts, fried chicken, etc. 
I love Twinings, but 300 packets of it are a bit too much to purchase at one time. There needs to be an option for smaller packaging with this product.
This is one of my favorite teas.  This is 1/2 the cost of my grocery store, and since the bags are individually wrapped, freshness is not an issue
Twinings was founded in London, England in 1706, and has a long and respected tradition of producing only the finest of teas. English Breakfast tea is a mixture of black teas from Sri Lanka, which are blended to produce a smooth yet flavorful tea. Though often served during breakfast, this tea tastes excellent all day long.
OK, let's get down to brass tacks - this is another great tea. Harder to over-steep than some of the teas I have known, it consistently produces a smooth and highly drinkable cup. Highly conventional in its taste, English Breakfast tea has a robust flavor that stands up well to lemon and milk, which makes it a favorite among those who like to accessorize their tea. Plus, I must say that this tea is wonderful iced - add some lemon and sugar, and you've got the right tea for a hot afternoon!
And that's my review. If you want an excellent all-round tea, hot or iced, one that goes well with any food, then English Breakfast tea is for you. If you want tea from a great tea producer, them Twinings is for you. I highly recommend Twinings' English Breakfast tea to all, even those not normally into tea drinking. (Or, perhaps especially to those not normally into tea drinking!
Seriously folks, shop around all you like, but you cannot beat this Lavazza espresso for a full bodied not-at-all-bitter taste, whether you are making espresso or cappuccino. I've used it for at least 15 years in three different machines - Francis Francis! and my office machine, Rancilio Silvia and have never found a substitute. My office is right next to Dean and Deluca in NYC and I've tried super expensive espresso blends at  over $20.00/pound, nothing comes close.
Amazon was recently out of stock (as they are often) and I accidentally brought the Lavazza Oro whole beans, thinking they were already ground. Yuk!, I had them ground in my local coffee dealer but they have No Taste compared to this. I gave them away and got hold of my favorite black can. Amazon's price can't be beat, believe me I've tried, I get 8 cans at a time and enjoy perfect coffee all day long just like in Rome! 
Ciao
What can I say about Lavazza that hasn't already been said.  I was in Rome two summer's ago and noticed it is in all the supermarkets. Decaf is usually not so great but this is. They must be doing something right
Excellent! I am thrilled about finally finding coffee that smells and tastes just like what you can get at good hotels and brasseries in Europe. I was previously buying Lavazza's SuperCrema, in whole bean format, because I had tried it at one of my favorite Italian restaurants in Beverly Hills and thought it was great. However, it would not turn out the same using my semi-automatic home espresso machine and my low-end grinder. Therefore, for those who do not own $12,000 fully automatic commercial espresso machines like that restuarant did, this coffee is a much better choice. The Caffee Espresso comes in perfectly ground cans ready for the home Espresso machine. The Italians at Lavazza definitely know what they're doing!
Definitely buy this coffee and enjoy
I LOVE my Tassimo!  For years I have been searching for an economical and convenient way to replicate Starbucks lattes and mochas at home, and this is the system that finally achived it. I don't use the latte/ capuccino milk pods unless I'm in dire straights - it's better to steam real milk (search for "milk steamer" on Amazon - that's a great product too!) - but the espresso is great and I haven't been to Starbucks in weeks.  Hands down recommended, no holds barred
I love my coffee machine but I normally do not buy t-discs from Gevalia due to price.  But found this on Amazon = Wow 2 for 1! 
Price is great, even when you add in any cost for shipping etc.  Still beats "Bead Bath & Beyond" with a coupon!  Service and delivery were excellent
I purchashed Crown Prince fancy pink canned  crab meat before i tried Crown Prince fancy white canned crab meat . It s the best canned crab meat. I love to eat  Crown Prince canned crab meat. It s on my  favorite list 
I've tried almost every green tea on the market, and this is one of my favorites.  It has a great flavor, and it really does help me keep from snacking between meals.  I don't think it's possible to find great organic green tea at this price anywhere else
I know what excellent coffee is - I typically buy Blue Mountain coffee from Jablum at $40/lb and make espresso with that (4 shots at a time) because it's so smooth.
I bought 5# of this coffee (mainly because of the claimed hypercaffinated nature), and made my usual espresso pot with it.  By the time I was through 1/4 of the cup (basically 1 shot) I was completely in orbit from the caffeine, and I was quite impressed with the fact that the coffee was smooooooooth - on a par with the Blue Mountain that I usually buy (but at a fraction of the cost...).
I didn't get the shakes like with other coffee - just a state of "extreme alertness" for the next 9 or 10 hours.. And while I was workin' on that first cup, I sent in a testimonial to the Shock Coffee website (yep, it's on there).
The beans are a blend of light, medium, and dark roast - they're selected for caffeine content, and it's everything they claim.
I took about 1# of the stuff, ground it up, and brought it in the office.  We actually got quite a bit of work done that day :-)  Unfortunately for me, I now have a bunch of Shock addicts running around asking me for some of my personal stash - so I have to buy some just for the office staff...
If you like coffee - get this stuff.  It's smooth.  Not "rip your lungs out" harsh like that Starbucks stuff that you have to add 500# of sugar and caramel to just so you can drink it.
Buy it... it works... *bing* *bing* *bing* Richochet Rabbit! :-
This is some great Coffee:)   Perks you up & gets you moving.  A good tasting, highly energized morning wake up:)  Even better as an afternoon pick me up.  Even thinking about making coffee now just wakes me up
I am so glad I tried this coffee! I also shared some with my neighbor, who has a business, and she took some to the office with her, and now it's the only coffee they want! If you try this, you'll never want any other coffee. I even travel with my own for my hotel stays (perfect travel packs)! GREAT JOB Shock Coffee- and I love your "sleep is overrated" slogan
A trained eye would see that Shock Coffee is a blend of Arabica & Robusta coffee beans!
Just like many other ingredients, there is good and bad Robusta & Arabica beans.  Wines are made from different grapes and it's the individuals' pallet that distinguishes between good and bad.  In Europe the coffee bean of choice is Robusta as they appreciate a stronger and bolder coffee.   
With that said, I'd recommend Shock for anybody who wants that extra kick with a better than average taste.  I'd also like to reiterate that Robusta beans are given a bad rap but the truth stands that some Robusta beans have a great robust taste - no pun attended!
I LOVE this coffee. It has a strong flavor and aroma and gets you moving in the morning. I do not believe it is meant to be a fancy gourmet coffee, but rather what I would call Trucker or Cowboy coffee.
If you like strong coffee, buy it. If you like delicate coffee, buy something else
This snack blend is the best! I tried it on the recommendation of a friend, and have come to love it. It's perfect alone, but I enjoy putting the mix on salads. It definitely spices them up a bit, and the flavor is amazing. I have become a big fan of this product, and would recommend it to anyone who is looking to add a little excitement to their everyday snacks
I love these chips...they have a taste that gets better the more you chew them and they give you plenty of fiber and soy protein.  I wish they weren't as high in fat as they are, but they're good for a once in awhile indulgence
This is very good coffee and is one of my favorites.  The Moca gives it a little different flavor but it goes well with the dark roast beans.  I have purchased this item several times and would recommend this product to others
Sorry I could not have rated 10 stars. I feel they taste better than if I picked them myself! I want to purchase more. Thank you AMAZON ALWAYS OFERING THE BEST
Bigger and more luscious than any other available dried blueberries.  They make a huge difference and are worth the extra price.  I substitute them for the raisins in our favorite Quaker Oatmeal cookie recipe and everyone loves the results.  Hope the oatmeal and blueberry health benefits cancel the butter/sugar calories!   
Why are people demonizing high fructose corn syrup ? the only reason it's cheaper in the US, is....America has ..lots....of...corn.
Eat more corn. Use more corn syrup.
unripe berries have less fructose, mass harvesting them probably places unripe berries into the mix and its compensated for
I enjoy eating the product, however, the blueberries are very sweet.  The sweetness helps satisfy my sweet tooth and I do no have the desire for candy.  The nutritious value I am receiving from eating blueberries is beneficial for my wellbeing.  I keep them at bedside for a satisfying snack
I've been a big fan of Ener-G Foods alternative food products. Ever since I discovered that I was Wheat and Gluten allergic, these have been my only substitutes for breads. These muffins are very tasty and crispy when toasted and are instant favorites of mine. Also, check out Ener-G's Light Brown Rice bread for sandwiches and their cookie assortment. These are so good that I don't even miss regular  Wheat breads and cookies
I've purchased many of these products. I put this in my top three. Good refreshing lemonade with a nice raspberry flavor to give it that extra kick.
Lapsang Souchong tea comes from the mist-enshrouded Wuyi Mountains in the northwestern corner of China's Fujian Province (north of Guangdong [Canton] Province), whose greatest tourist draw besides its mountains is its coast line on the Taiwan Straits. 
This tea has an unmistakeably smokey note, which for years made it a particular favorite with the "single malt and cigars" crowd of English clubs and drawing rooms. That aroma is created during the tea's smoking process, which involves the withering of the tea leaves in bamboo baskets hung on racks over cypress or pine wood fires, after they have been rolled and placed into wooden barrels until they emit their own aroma. The finished tea leaves are characteristically thick and black. Legend has it that this smoking process was discovered by accident during the Quing Dynasty (1644 - 1911), when an army unit camping out in a tea factory interrupted the processing of the recently-arrived leaves and the workers then resulted to drying the leaves over pine fires to make up for the disruption and get to the market in time, creating an instant sensation there. 
Because of its potent aroma, Lapsang Souchong should not steep very long. The rule of thumb is that the paler its color, the more likely you'll truly enjoy it
I have tried all four Fox River Rice flavors and this is my favorite.  While cooking the rice, the aroma of the seasoning filled my kitchen!  This flavor also has a little bite from the pepper.  I have served it with chicken and steak!  Great product
I have never ordered anything such as this online. I was surprised that the nuts arrived in about half as much time as the site said it would take. I will consider ordering again once I have used these up. The walnuts were so fresh and nice, not all broken up, as some have been when I have purchased them at the grocery store.  
get your children to eat a little bit of fiber!! These are really good. Of course their almond and mixed nuts flavors are even better!
Hain Popped Corn Cakes are simply delicious, just enough crunch and sweetness to satisfy my hungry teenagers. Very Healthy too..
I absolutely love the taste of this tea and so does everyone else I've encouraged to try some (even my coffee drinking daughter).  I drink a lot of herbal teas and this is definitely my favorite.  I can't tell if it's really detoxifying my liver and kidneys, but I do know that drinking a cup boosts my energy level and make me feel better.
Also, don't let the name of the tea make you think you can only drink it occasionally, the box states that it's mild enough to be used every day for up to 30 days.  My only disappointment at the moment is that the six-pack on Amazon isn't currently available
I too, totally disagree with the other reviewer who didn't like this. This is a mild-tasting, smooth tea that you could drink anytime. It is one of my favorite teas
Maybe I'm crazy, but I totally disagree with the other review.  I think this tea is delicious.  I don't know if it really detoxifies your body, but it tastes good
If you like a tasty oil, sesame oil is one to try. And this is a good flavorful sesame oil. Perfect for Asian cooking and for 'tweaking' traditional foods that can use a touch more flavor
My two year old loves these and prefers them over Goldfish.  I did a taste test with Goldfish and the Cheddar Bunnies seem cheesier.  They seem less dry too. 
This mix is a blessing for those w/ food allergies!  Even if we didn't have any food allergies, I'd buy this mix.  I do have to cook it a bit longer than the box states and a lot longer(10m) if using a glass dish
I have tried all of Cherrybrook Kitchen Products and they are fabulous! Even without Eggs, Dairy and Peanuts these products taste even better than if I made it from Scratch. Their Brownie is deliciously Chocolately and if cooked for about 16 minutes, comes out fudgy also! I also like the Chocolate Chips right in the mix! I would highly recommend it
The first thing you notice about this cereal is the aroma. It's reminiscent of fish oil supplements. Having never eaten flax of any kind before, I don't know if the aroma is typical of flax. At first serving, I was sure I'd consume the rest of the box (eventually), but would not buy more. Yet, with each serving, the aroma is less and less noticeable. I enjoy this cereal and will buy it again. It has more fiber than any other cereal (organic or not) I've seen
This product has no fat.  This is a good thing.  I like to mix it with my coffee for instant mocha
Flavor is very good.   The reason I couldn't rate it higher is that I have trouble getting it to thoroughly mix in.   
My husband, who has celiac disease, thinks this is the best bread on the market.  It definitely is the easier to make.  Only requires oil and water, and turns out perfect every time.  Amazon's price beats those health food stores by a long shot!  Try it
This bread is fabulous!!  It actually tastes like bread and is light and airy not "heavy" like most wheat free products.  THANK YOU Orgran!!
If you must have a cookie, might as well make it a healthy one.  I bought a case and they went fast
I've tried a few types of vegan chocolate chip cookies and was always disappointed with how bland they were--and loaded with fat and calories.  These are not only the least amount of calories that I've seen for a vegan cookie of this size, but I found that these double chocolate chip cookies were better than the non-vegan ones I've had in the past!  They are so, so, so good.  Whoever said that you need dairy and eggs in chocolate?  I have my omnivore friends and family try these cookies to show them that I am FAR from deprived!  Two thumbs up and highly recommended from this vegan chocoholic
This tea is amazing! It tastes fresh, smooth and light. It's just perfect. I have about 2-3 cups a day. Makes me feel great
This makes a lovely gift.  Everything is well packaged and looks expensive.  The teas are of good variety and well packaged to insure freshness.  Recommend
Gluten free diets can be so much more varied with this product.  It can be coating to chicken or meat, or can be added to juices/broths to thicken.  It can even be used to make a perfect stuffing for chicken or turkey.
It has make my boring diet almost feel normal. No feeling of deprivation any more
These are sweet and lightly chewy with a touch of lemon.  It's been a long time ago since I could get three organic healthy snack bars for a buck. 
Originally looked to buy the WASA Light Rye, but it was out-of-stock. So, bought the Sourdough Rye and Multi Grain instead, and glad I did because they have broadened my selection of favorite WASA brand crispbreads. And while I normally avoid products with yeast, I feel that the toasty crispness of the Multi Grain has neutralized any negative aspects (that yeast is a negative is my story, and I'm stickin' to it!) that may be derived from containing yeast. As for varied uses, it's equally great for strengthening the teeth (and should be a great weight loss adjunct because it is not easy to eat fast, and requires some mastication which should satisfy the need to have eaten) when eaten as a cracker, or mechanically grinding to a pouder for use to coat salmon coquettes. Oh, some more good news is that moths will try to eat through a package of rye crispbreads, which means what's inside is edible for humans too. I keep mine stored in the freezer because it is so valuable. Should be a good nutrient source in case of prolonged emergencies as well. Still my preference among all the WASA crispbreads is the light rye. Only 2 ingredients, rye flour and sea salt. Just give me the simple life... without the two accompanying airheads, that is.
I am addicted to Wasa Crispbread Multi-Grain and you will be too.   Very Crisp and hearty flavor.  A  healthy product with no saturated or trans fat. and only 60 calories per portion.  The other Wasa products are also worth a try - especially Sesame
I've never reviewed a food item before, but this delectable little bar was so heavenly I had to change my mind. At the time, it was a mere snack in between classes; afterwards, it earned a place in my heart, as well as my eternal devotion.
Toffee AND almonds + chocolate... 
*sigh*
What more could one ask for?
High in protein, low in calories, and great flavor.  I split them in half and eat the first portion as a mid-morning snack and the second portion as an afternoon snack.  They keep me feeling full and prevent me from eating junk food, which has been great for my waistline.  I can't say enough good things about Kashi
OK I eat a lot of protein/fiber bars and most taste like cardboard or something worse.  This bar is the best - I eat it for breakfast, lunch or as dessert after dinner. The texture reminds me of a chewy rice crispy treat - seriously. Love it
I love Kashi stuff and this bar is no exception.  There have just a great
taste, not too sweet, no funny aftertaste and very satisfying when
eaten between meals.  Highly recommended.
I am one hardly to ever leave product reviews, and as much as I buy online, I should work on that. But, after trying the various Kashi products, these bars are by far the best and I feel the need to leave a review! I started off eating the Kashi Honey Almond Flax granola bars, which are very good, but definitley not as sweet as these (not a good OR bad thing, just a comparison). However, you will still get the protein, fiber and omega-3s if that's what you're looking for. If you love chocolate and almonds and are looking for a protein/fiber bar that tastes good and is more on the sweet side, this is definitely one to try!!! Whether you use them as a meal replacement or as a snack, they are absolutley amazing and I will definitely be a repeat customer
I like the basic Special K flakes made from rice & wheat (though I really shouldn't eat gluten).  Mostly I use cereal to snack on vs. with milk (boo lactose!).  Special K tends to have more nutritional value than most cereals which I like too.  But, I wasn't enamored with either the fruit or the yogurt parts of this particular cereal.  Frankly, I think it would taste better without them or with something else.  The yogurt pieces didn't seem to merge well with the cereal IMHO.  But then, that's why there's chocolate & vanilla
This is a great tea, and very economical when buying bulk from Amazon.  I'm very happy with it
If you like strawberries you'll love Crunchies!  Only 98 calories per pouch - I snacked on one pouch all day and didn't finish it off!  Very convenient- resealable.  I have other varieties on order! 
Erewhon Rice Twice Cereal is a very flavorful, crunchy gluten free cereal.
I highly recommend it to anyone who is on a gluten free diet. 
to Rice Krispies. 
Love the whole grain rice - it's crisy and it crackles and my gluten sensitive son loves it
:: Davinci Multicolor Tortellini ::
Delicious tortellini from Italy. Great experience, like being delivered from a good italian restaurant! This product has great taste, texture, and appearance.
My only disappointment was just upon arrival, first opening the case. The boxes seemed so little. I mean, compared to the 12 oz packages of pasta I'm adjusted to buying. It says 7oz right on the web page description, very clear, but somehow that hadn't really registered in my noggin. However, things got better. I soon found out that 7 oz of tortellini cooks up pretty big, more servings than I'd have anticipated from the little boxes.
Very happy with the Davinci pastas I've tried so far. I'd be complete if only they also made some pasta sauces for AMZN to send to my doorstep along with the pasta.
Anyway, I recommend this tortellini. It's great hot...and come spring, will also give it a whirl for cold pasta salad. 
It's hard to find gluten-free energy bars that aren't too sweet, and this totally fits the bill.  You wouldn't want to eat these as candy -- there's some subtle truth-in-advertising in the "Choc-Bar" name (say it out loud) -- but I think I ate at least six of these on my last backpacking trip, and I am pleased to report that these are VERY tasty with plenty of water when I've been getting a serious workout and need the energy.  Comparing labels, the nutrition and caloric content of an entire Choc-Bar is pretty similar to that of a Clif Bar.  (The label says the "serving size" is half a bar, but that would be like eating half a Clif Bar -- there's no way I'm stopping after just a few bites when I'm in the middle of a nine-mile hike!
As a vegetarian you can use this is many ways as a meat substitute. 
Great coffee and a bargain when buying it by the 5 pound bag.  California does some things better than us here in Indiana, coffee is one of them
Smooth, flavorful coffee. I wouldn't mind a little stronger flavor, but it's very good.
Huge bag
You've just located the most healthy, tasty and useful vegetarian broth manufactured today! As a long time user, I can tell you that Amazon offers the best possible price for this item.  I use it for everything:
a flavoring for plain rice, as a broth for stir frying (instead of oil), as a base for complicated stews and soups.  If you find it a bit too salty, just add more water.  It has no mysterious chemical additives. It is perfect for heart patients, diabetics, vegans, and folks who just like a fast soup treat
Seitenbacher is a fabulous soup mix! One canister makes 40 cups of broth, which makes it incredibly inexpensive. It's also delicious. It makes a truly versatile soup base. People love my nabeyakiudon (Japanese noodle soup), matzoah ball soup (Jewish dumpling soup), golden lentil stew (Indian bean stew), all of which have Seitenbacher as the base. It works for people with allergies and food sensitivities (no gluten, no lactose, no MSG, no soy). It's all natural and vegetarian (no gelatin). And I can't emphasize enough the rich, deep flavor.  
Thanks to our purchase of a Keurig, I am a converted coffee drinker. Timothy's German Chocolate Cake is my absolute favorite. A delectable blend of warm caramel and coconut gives this coffee a deliciously sweet note while retaining a medium-bodied blend. It isn't too sugary - it's just right! In fact, my hubby and his coworkers all claim this as their number one flavored coffee too. It is scrumptious
Great flavor and aroma.  An excellent choice for an evening coffee break
I love Velveeta and I love the rotini and cheese; I have had it before but it is hard to find in the grocery stores I shop at...I found it not to be as good as I remembered....the broccoli was minimal at best
I was eager to try the Sugar Blend for Baking.  I noticed a difference in the consistency of the cake batter and it did not rise as high and seemed to be more compact. The usage guide was helpful and included a recipe on the package. The flavor was comparable to regular sugar and those with diabetes are now able to enjoy some of the sweeter things in life.
I am crazy about Splenda.  I mix equal parts Splenda And Brown sugar for my hot cerael.  It saves money and calories.  Asparteem   ( Nutrasweet)gives me loose bowels.  Splenda meets my sweetner needs without calories
All the splenda products are good.  But I like the ones that are part splenda and part sugar as they are good for baking.  Good if you have a diabetic in the house or are trying extra hard to lose weight and are a sugarholic
This stuff is delicious!  I've been buying it for years as a good quality, fairly nutritious snack food for myself (I feed the kids veggie booty, and hog the sweet stuff), and it seems to be a pretty good choice.  It doesn't take a lot to satisfy, and it's not really that bad for you (sugar, sure, but not as much as some other treats). 
I love these!  My son loves these!  You would think there wouldn't be a problem, but he sucks on them.  As they melt, his hands get sticky and then the furniture or toys he touches gets sticky also!  But, they are so Yumm!
FYI-13 g of sugar.  Healthier cereal have 5-7 g, so I guess it isn't so bad
Excellent cookies-my boys love them & know they are a treat that is on the healthy side. We will buy these again.
I love these cookies too!  They're crunchy animal cookies with a lemony coating that doesn't feel waxy in your mouth.  The lemon taste is great and they're not too sweet.  They're a perfect afternoon snack when you want a sweet treat but don't want to overdo it with calories or sugar.  The box is a little skimpy on the number of cookies you get, but the taste is worth it
These are a perfect size for work and great portion control! I ordered a case for the ladies at work and we split it. If you are counting calories this is the way to go
I so love this Jerky.  It is moist but not too moist and has great flavor.  We have tried several of their flavors and they are all awesome.  Great prices for hormone free stuff and no preservatives.  Jerky tastes so much better and richer without MSG in it
it was a little expensive but well worth it.
it lasts allday long or several teapot
I love these cookies! The only complaint I had is that I ordered a case (12 boxes) and the expiration date was 4 weeks from the day I received the shipment. Yikes, I still have over half the case left and I've been eating them daily (and giving them away)! I probably will not purchase again from this vendor for this reason alone. However, if you're looking for a great, organic cookie without trans fats, this is a nice healthy option
I doubt if most kids would like this bar, but health food fanatics will love it. Subtle flavor mixed with chocolate. Bar is very filling. Dry, use with water
My son (3) and I love these.  He likes to hop them around and kiss them before he eats them.  He likes all the Bunny Graham varieties (chocolate, honey, cinnamon); they taste like the traditional Graham crackers
Okay, so I realize this isn't a real veggie... merely a veggie that's been pureed and turned into a pea pod shaped chip.  But man they are GOOD.  What's more, there aren't any bad ingredients in this product AND they're baked, not fried!  Better still, my kid prefers them to chips.  So while I don't totally win the "Make Your Kid Love Veggies" award with this snack, I feel I'm one step closer.  Oh, and I love them too
These are a fun little snack. They taste good and are crunchy, so you can pass on the potato chips.  They have two grams of fiber and a small amount of vitamins.  They are not low in calories, so be careful of the amount you eat.  My daughter likes them, which is a plus.  The price was good at Amazon, but the shipping was steep. 
Our whole family loves this snack. These make a great toddler snack (they're kind of puffy, so if you don't actually chew them, they'll just melt). My 2-year old has been eating these for a year now, and is constantly asking for his "Peapods?" A portable snack, far superior nutritionally to the typical cookie, cracker, goldfish, pretzel and other processed junk most kids are eating. These are just dehydrated snap peas, corn oil and salt (and there's still LESS sodium in these than Pepperidge Farm's low-sodium goldfish!). A great alternative to the usual snack highly processed of white flour, sugar, salt and/or chemical preservatives. They're better for you, and they taste great. We love them
I've been over here in Japan for the past 3 years and haven't made too many visits to the states.   I will be returning next week though.  However, this stuff is definitely one addictive snack.  In Japan it's marketed by the same company as "Saya Endou".   Not a strong flavor, just something to munch on.  Not too salty and not too sweet.  Kampeki (Perfect).  A purchase of the snack is a victory against terrorism. 
I'm excited to find these for sale on Amazon, and at a very reasonable price!  I just tried them for the first time a few days ago, and was wishing there was a nearby store that carried them.  Everyone I've given them to has liked them, even those who are not normally healthy eaters.  These crisps are reminiscent of puffy corn snacks (like cheetos), but with a different light flavor.  The calorie content is similar to other chip-type snacks (150 per serving), but these have the nutrition benefits of peas--protein (5g per serving), calcium (6% DV per serving), and iron (4% DV per serving).  I haven't tried the Ceasar flavor yet, but intend to do so in the near future. :
This is a wonderful GF cereal!  It is crunchy, a touch sweet, and the fruit is a wonderful addition.  This is the first GF cereal that my son will really eat. He frequently has 2 bowls, and he does not eat much!  Highly recommend
I'm not a huge coffee fan -- most of the time, I find it bitter.  Then there's the whole "language" you have to learn if you want to order it at one of the popular coffee joints.  But occasionally I do feel like I need that little surge of energy.
This Kona Blend coffee is the perfect choice.  It has a lot of flavor, but none of the bitterness I find in a lot of other coffees.  This is the one I put in the coffee maker when I plan to spend the day cleaning house or working on my thesis.  It makes great iced coffee, too
That's all that matters to me. I can't always find it in stock at the local store, and I want my husband to be able to enjoy it. 
I'm not a real coffee drinker, but this Kona blend seems to lack the bitterness that first turned me off coffee years ago in the first place. So I enjoy some of it too occasionally. And, whatever blend he's drinking, my husband likes Millstone brand. I know it always smells wonderful
I love this soup.  It is healthy, vegetarian, and low calore.  For a light meal, I eat it alone.  When I want something more substantial, I mix in leftovers and a dash of hot sauce.  The microwave bowls make a good portion size.  It is really convenient to have it delivered in bulk to my door
I've tried the Andy Capp HOT FRIES, WHITE CHEDDAR, and these Regular CHEDDAR. These have a satisfactory flavor and don't over do it. I find them a good snack with tasty underlying corn flavor and a non-greasy crispness that I like about the Andy Capp products. They are different from Cheese Doodles. Cheese Doodles are more about orange coatings and are uneven in texture. I think it must be the corn-potato combo in the Andy Capp products that makes them feel good to eat
Andy Capp Fries have become my favorite crunchy snack. I like both the Chedder and Hot fries. The texture and flavor from both varieties surpass my love of potatoe chips and cheese doodles.
Highly recommend Andy Capp fries in both flavors
Supposedly this is the safest artificial sweetener and it tastes fine too.  Favorite uses:  coffee, tea, and hot cereals such as oat bran and unsweetened oatmeal.  I ordered two of these gegunda boxes and am grateful for the opportunity to save so much money vs. supermarket prices.  Unfortunately, there was a terrible delay:  I ordered on Feb 2 and didn't receive until March 20.  Otherwise, no complaints and I'm fixed for sweetener for a good year
I think Splenda is great, but I grew up with artificial sweeteners and a true test to how great this product is, is to let a sugar addict try it.  My husband happens to be one, and he cannot tell the difference between Splenda and sugar in his tea! As with other artificial sweeteners, you get an unpleasant after taste--with the Splenda there is none! You can use this to cook with too! It's a wonderful low fat alternative to sugar. 
This product has been a lifesaver to me.  With wheat allergies and loving pasta I thought I would never get to eat it again!  The pasta tastes great and my family doesn't even notice the difference...they like it too!  Thanks Orgran
I have sensitive [to sugar] teeth and these are beautiful and healthy.  Most "granola bars" you find in stores are full of sugar and have next to no nutritional value- no, thanks.
These are good for you and taste rather good, too.  They are a bit bland but I like the texture... with what's in them and how they're held together, they're a bit like rice krispy treats, but taste....healthy.
Yum.  I love taking these to work for a quick snack instead of vending machine
I bought this tea for my mom for her birthday, and everyone in the family loves it. This is excellent chai tea
This is amazingly good! Worlds apart from the usual mac and cheddar products on the market. Really worth trying!  Delivery was fast, and everything arrived just fine. I highly recommend this product
Pemmican "Premium" and "Long Lasting" Peppered flavor is the Best I have ever had by far - and I am a certified "jerky freak". They are not stringy or rubbery, simply easy to eat and absolutely delicious
As an asthmatic with a sulfa allergy, I thought I was limited to naturally dried fruits, which are tasty, but not aesthetically appealing. I'd been looking for some way of getting my fix for dried fruit without running the risk of (at worst) a trip to the emergency room.
I'd found a number of other freeze-dried fruits, but most of them had sugar added, something I try to avoid. I ordered this product (Orchard blend) with the hope that it would be flavorful. Wow, was it!
Aside from being good as a quick snack for when my blood sugar starts to drop, it's also fantastic when mixed with plain oatmeal to give it a little something more.
I'm extremely pleased with this product and I would recommend it to anyone that has been avoiding dried fruits because of a sulfa sensitivity or allergy
Excellent taste and texture.  The apples are the crunchiest, but even the pulpier fruits have a pleasing texture.  If you really like your crunch, I'd go for the all-apple product.
My only disappointment is that you're not getting a lot for your money.  I love the convenient portion-control packaging, but $1.10 for a 3/4 ounce, 70 calorie serving makes me more worried about my wallet than my weight when considering what to snack on in the afternoon.
So I'll order more, but these have become an "occasional" snack and not an "everyday" one
I found timely service and a surpisingly good tasting snack. I have never had this type of dried fruit and was very satified as usually healthy things just don't taste that good. Nice surprise
I bought some Nana's No Refined Sugar cookies in several flavors when a local health food store was having a moving sale. They were so incredible I looked online and was delighted to find them on amazon, and bought some here. These cookies taste fantastic, and they are very moist as well. Really all of the flavors I tried (choc chip, coco chip and oatmeal raisin) were outstanding
Green is good, of course. But what's much better than green are these truly awesome cookies. PN Os beat the bootie out of any Oreo variation -- crunchier, more filling(without being smarmy), much better taste. (And this goes for the mint, the vanilla, and the chocolate.)
Fast Eddie Felson -- I love you.
My husband and I like the Newman O's better than Oreo's, and our 3 year old son loves them! As we did as a child, he pulls the cookies apart and eats the cream filling, just like an oreo. Also, the Newman O's do not have the harmful high fructose corn syrup that oreos still have
My children prefer this cookie much more than the standard chocolate cookie with cream.  These are a bit softer than the O's we use to purchase but it also makes them much easier to twist apart and eat! =)  We purchased the chocolate with chocolate cream too - YUMMY
Nice chewy texture, not fossilized like the health food store bulk bin kind, and great taste. Packaged as they are (2 resealable packages of 20oz. each)it's a very economical buy, too. Just store one in the 'fridge or freezer until you finish the first. Our kids like these better than raisins
I have ordered Stoneridge Orchards Dried Montmorency Cherries twice.  The cherries have arrived in good condition and taste wonderful
I was very pleased with these dried cherries.  They are delicious -- not too sweet, not too tart.  Healthy, too
I've never been a big fan of dried fruit -- good for you or not, they are just too sweet for me.  But these montmorency cherries are wonderful.  It's the right mix of sweetness with tartness.  I LOVE to eat these straight out of the bag. 
This is yet another fabulous blend of ingredients; not too sweet, not too salty. Great for kids and us big kids who are on the go and tired of the same old trail mix/protein bars on the run. Keep up the good wor
I AM A PREDIABETIC PERSON.  THIS PRODUCT HELPS KEEP MY SUGAR UNDER CONTROL. MY NUMBERS ARE GREAT AFTER I EAT THIS CEREAL
Love this oatmeal! No sugar which is a bonus for athletes wanting good complex carbs w/o added sugar. one packet gives you a nice creamy treat. Much creamier than other instant oatmeals. Highly recommend it
This is great instant oatmeal, I eat it almost every morning. I used to buy the Quaker or store brand of the same flavor in the grocery store but I will continue to buy this. It is very convenient to order this in quantity even though I'm the only one in my household eating it, since I go through it pretty quickly
Since the description says this product contains Splenda, I don't understand why the guy who posted a bad review would avoid Amazon Grocery products "at all costs" just because he apparently didn't read the description before buying.
McCann's makes great oatmeal.  Read the description before buying ANYTHING, would be my adivce
Excellent product. Amazon's prices were very good a few months ago. However, now the price is more than the popcorn costs in the grocery store
This delicious breakfast cereal packs a punch and it doesn't overload you with too many calories or fat, either. It stays crunchy in milk and the honey/nut taste beckons you to have another bowl. 
The cereal is comparatively low in sugar, certified kosher and it contains no trans fats--hooray! It offers potassium and the recipe keeps carbohydrates as low as possible: 22 grams per serving (.75 cup). 
It does provide folic acid and 25% of your daily recommended allowance of iron; but this is not a substitute for iron pills if your doctor wants you to take iron supplements.
This breakfast cereal contains almonds; if you are allergic to any kind of nut PLEASE ask your physician before eating this cereal.
Overall, this fantastic breakfast cereal is tasty and it stays crunchy in milk--unless you leave it in milk for over 20 minutes or so. It contains important nutrients but this cereal alone cannot be a substitute for any vitamins your doctor may want you to take. It is priced about right; and the sugar and iron will give you just enough of a kick to start your day. Pick some up and enjoy them as much as I do!
SMILE
My family and I absolutly loved the SiNamon flavor of LesserEvil popcorn...great flavor, and the box was enough for a movie with the family.  Was it healthy?  Well it was better than movie theatre popcorn for sure...but it is called "Lesserevil", not "completely wholesome and good for you"  Good stuff overall, and Amazon's price is great (just make sure you like the flavor first, because you hav e to buy a cas
Delightful popcorn mix which is great for snacks and is a really nice treat for lunches.  Very tasty and hits the spot for those sweet tooth cravings without being too far off the old diet.  Buying it here is a bargain, too
Not only does this stuff taste wonderful, but it's much healthier than most of the items on the grocery store shelves.  I would definitely recommend this as a great snack
Even though it's all natural the taste is rich with fresh fruit flavor.  In this way it's even better than standard dried fruit
One of the best varietals I have tasted. Smooth and rich, almost syrupy like most of Timothy's coffees. Delicious!!
Nice flavor and aroma. I like the darker blends, and this is a little light, but still flavorful.
I've tried several different cranberries and these are by far the best on the market.  I received these today and had another brand available to taste test/compare.  The ingredients listed on each package were the same but Bob's has fewer calories and a much sweeter taste.  The berries do cost a little more but they are worth every penny.  
The following recipe is great:
1/2 cup Bob's Red Mill Extra Thick Rolled Oats (Only brand I use)
1 Cup 100% Juice Apple Cider 
1-2 Tablespoons dried cranberries
Brown Sugar to taste
Cook Oatmeal, Apple Cider & Cranberries in microwave approximately 5 minutes.  Add brown sugar, stir & allow to sit 2-3 minutes.  Add additional cider after cooking if you like a thinner oatmeal.  If only Amazon sold Bob's Rolled Oats.....
I bought this on something of a whim - I like some of Genisoy's other products - and was worried that it would be terrible.  But it really isn't bad!
The instructions read: For best results, add 1 scoop of powder to 8 oz. of protein fortified nonfat milk and mix in an electric blender, or in a shaker.  Can also be mixed with water or other beverage of choice.
I didn't want the extra added calories of the milk - plus I'm lactose intolerant, so I went ahead and mixed it with water, worried it would be bland. It was pretty tasty.  The reason they say to put in a blender or shake is because it's difficult to mix - it gets very thick.
Kosher status isn't clear here on amazon, but it's got a circle-K hechshar, if this is relevant for you.
And this particular product has many more vitamins and mineratals than the Genisoy Ultra XT product.
I'm going to go out and get the vanilla, too.  Definitely recommended!
These cookies are unbelievably good. Perfect with a cup of coffee or tea; perfect alone.
I stopped buying them because I just could not stop eating them. If I could buy them in packs of three or four, then I could have them in the house again.
Planters Cashews in Milk Chocolate are SO, SO delicous! I am absolutely addicted! They are so good, a great snack or dessert. And they even come in different sizes, one size for home and one smaller size for on the go! I could not ask for tastier chocolate or more wonderful tasting cashews! Try 'em Amazoners, you will love them! Thank you
Tastes great and the price was good
I usually hates granola bars.  They tend to be too sweet and I am not crazy about the texture.  My 3-year-old son's daycare requires all new kids to pack an earthquake emergency kit (yet, we live in California) and one of the required items is 10 granola bars.  I bought this just to prepare the kit, hoping that he would never have to eat them.  Since the product comes with 30 bars, I took some to the office as my emergency stash.  They are actually quite tasty.  My son also likes them as a quick afternoon snack while we are out and about.  Never thought we would actually consume them when I bought this but it looks like we will reorder soon.  And it's organic
I have used this product for a long time as Lipton has always been a trusted brand.  I do go through A LOT of tea, so buying it on Amazon was quick, and more affordable then other stores
My family loves this coffee. This decaf is very smooth--it does not have a weird decaf aftertaste and we will continue to order this. It's the next best thing to having Kona coffee, which we cannot always afford
The shells are a nice change from the otherwise limited choices of Gltuen Free pasta shapes.  I will buy these again
WONDERFULLY, TOTALLY, DELICIOUS.........YOU DON'T WANT TO FINISH THE LAST KERNAL, IT'S JUST SO POPP'N GOOD
Both adults and kids alike very much enjoyed this popcorn. Nice cheddar flavor without any yellow hands
I buy this at Sam's Club for about $12/2#. Before I became enlightened re: organic products, I was a Folgers user. This coffee is a deeper roast and has a higher acid level, but is flavorful. For the price this is an incredible deal
This tea is comforting when feeling ill or under-the-weather.  Also it has a pleasant taste.  I highly recommend it
The grocery store is saturated with products that are high in sugar and fat and frankly I've become weary reading labels. I've started to buy more and more organic products and find that many of them meet or exceed my expectations for flavor and quality. 
Nature's Path Organic Blueberry Toaster Pastries are made organic wheat flour and they are absolutely delicious. They heat up fast in the toaster for breakfast with a cup of tea and are convenient for a snack. I'd go as far as to say these are better than cookies.
~TheRebeccaReview.com
I enjoy this cereal with vanilla rice milk.  It is good.  Especially when I eat it, which is what I do
This fills me up and it tastes very good, I only with the box was bigger, I can only get 2 bowls per box
I have eaten this amazing cereal every morning for a year and I still look forward to eating it.  It has an interesting flavor that I know I will never get tired of.  I highly recommend trying it
This is my favorite cereal, I recommend it to everyone I can.  I eat a bowl every morning at 9 am and am still full at lunch time.  Best of all, it tastes great.  I agree with previous reviewer that the flax seeds are tasty, but probably useless as the body can't break down a whole flax seed to obtain the Omega-3, but it adds nice texture and nuttiness.  Also, Amazon has a great price on this vs. grocery stores
This is our favorite cereal.  And it's so much cheaper here than at the grocery store.  The boxes run out fast, so it's nice to have several and not have to buy it at the store all the time
I first tried this granola when they had it at Costco, and since then, I was hooked. I was never a huge fan of granola to begin with. I usually liked the taste, but a lot of granolas were very hard and crunchy, even when eaten with milk. A lot of them were also either too sweet or not sweet enough. So when I tried this granola, it immediately blew away all my preconcieved notions involving granola. 
This granola is what granola should be: not too sweet and easily softened in milk. The flavor is awesome. I have since tried most of the other Nature's Path granola flavors and they are all pretty good as well, but I think I still like this one the best. Also, this one has omega-3 in it, which is good for you.
Anyway, this is definitely my favorite cereal, and it must be if I'm going to the length of ordering it on the internet! I just ordered my second 6-pack and I don't think I'm getting tired of it anytime soon
LIke oatmeal - with good taste and texture; a little sweet (I cut it with plain oatmeal)
You won't want anything on them either! They are that good. Warning - be prepared for quite a number of broken and crumbled crackers from the shipping. 
Excellent product for those on a wheat free diet.  Have a hamburger again with a REAL bun!  Even better if you microwave for 20 seconds prior to eating.  Enjoy
These cookies are very good and you can actually eat quite a few before the calorie count starts to add up. I shared them with some friends and everyone thought they were excellent
I've found the Omron very easy and practical to use.  It gives very good estimates of body fat percentages and BMI (body mass index) which can easily be used to illustrate a personal rate of progress for any dietary or weight training program.  For the money, it would be difficult to find something better
I've been using the Omron HBF-306 Body Fat Analyzer for a month or so now. So far I've been very impressed with its consistency. However, I would have to go to a doctor and get some sort of analysis and compare that with the Omron's measurements to see how accurate it is. It's well built and very easy to use. Once you set up your profile, it only takes a few seconds to get a read. I would give it 5 stars but again I dont yet have anything to compare its measurements with. Still a good product at a good price. 
I bought this gadget with the intent of monitoring my daily steps to get an idea of where I was currently to establish some sort of baseline so that I could get a reality check on my activity levels.  I opened the box, read the easy directions, set up my personal step measurement (just measure off the distance of your 10 steps), and clipped it on my pants and forgot about it for the day.  I was surprised to find out that a corpse could probably move around more during the day than me! Over the next 6 days, (this pedometer keeps track of 7 days of steps for you); I literally stepped up my game and went from 756 steps with NO aerobic exercise on day 1, to 7,880 steps with 30 minutes of nonstop aerobic exercise on day 3! Every day has been getting easier to achieve the 10,000 "normal" steps, and increasing the aerobic steps too (which are tracked separately). I can press the mode button, check out how many miles my steps translate to, kilocalories burned, aerobic steps, and compare it with the past 7 days as well. It has turned out to be even more fun than what I originally bought it for. I actually feel better, and the fun part is that I am trying to beat my own personal record from the previous day! This has been an eye-opening experience for me, and I keep this on or in my pocket all the time now, just to make sure I keep a mindful eye on my steps and aerobic activity for the day
Great features!  Probably the best pedometer out there for the money.  The only reason I give 4 vice 5 stars, is that I think the one I bought for my mom (same brand and model) is slightly more accurate.  A great way to track your fitness overall
pedometer is great!  Easy to use, accurate.  Highly recommend it
This is the best tasting energy bar I have ever had. My kids love them too. Great high energy snack
I really like these things.  They're certainly chewy, so they can be a bit of a jaw workout, but they taste pretty good while having a lot more nutritional value than a candy bar, and they keep you going for a couple of hours.  If only they were a little cheaper, say a dollar or less per bar, I'd probably go through them a lot more quickly than I do right now
I was really enjoying my Oregon Scientific Pedometer, I found it easy to use and accurate; however, after 1 month it accidentally fell on the floor, and that was it, it no longer works...I will probably buy another one, but it needs to be treated with kid-gloves.
I still have ther original blackmans shaver purchased in 1977 it still works!  this one works even better I have tried other remington shavers over the years  the 850 9300 and the 9500 none of them worked as well as the  first one untill now! I found that by shaving in small circular motion  as  you move along your face you won't need williams lectric shave as I had with the other razors and it's much easier to claen! now if the just keep making replacement baldes I will be very happy for a long time
I bought this product because I had a borderline high reading at my doctor's office.  Rather than having the hassle of going to his office and paying a cop-pay just to have it monitored, we purchased this unit.  It works wonderful.  Very simple and gives more information than I expected
This is very easy to use and quite convenient. I'm not sure, however, how accurate this monitor is. It seems to record a higher reading than a manual one at times. The value of this home monitor is if the readings change dramatically. THen it's a warning to go to the doctor's
This has got to be one of the easiest blood pressure monitors to use.  It really doesn't start until your arm is in the correct position, letting you know by beeping when you've got it right.  The display is large and easy to read and understand.  I definitely would recommend this
Very happy with this purchase. Received it in a reasonable time and at a great price including the rebate for signing up for an [...] credit card. It is easy to use and seems more accurate than the wrist type monitors. I like the History feature in order to determine the average blood pressure over a long period of time since pressures change daily!Good machine especially since it has an AC adapter so that there is no need to change batteries frequently!Also, the intellisense feature makes sure the cuff is always properly inflated before readings
I just finished a 4 day golf tournament that was brutal. 6 hour rounds played in 90 degree heat with high humidity. During a practice round a couple of days before the tournament started I really got drained of energy after about 12 holes. I was unprepared and it made a sport that I normally enjoy into an unpleasant experience.
For the tournament rounds I packed a small cooler with Gatorade, Nature Valley Fruit and Nut bars, and chocolate flavored Clif Builder's bars. I drank water and gatorade throughout each round and alternated the bars every 3-4 holes. It really made a difference. Each day I felt like I had the energy and endurance for a great round. If only my golf game was as good as these bars.
They tasted great and keeping them in a cooler kept them from melting in the heat. I highly recommend Chocolate Clif Builder's bars.
Kevin Decke
These bars are absolutely fantastic. They are very nutritious and have a good amount of protein (20g). They taste pretty good, far better than most bars. I prefer the builder bar cookies and cream flavor to that of the clif bar flavor. Out of the flavors my current favorite is the cookies and cream, next being the peanut butter, and then chocolate. A chocolate mint flavor has just been released but I have yet to try it. I recommend these bars to anyone looking for a healthy snack or needing protein for working out
Just wanted to note that my delicious bars arrived MELTED as noted by another reviewer. I ended up placing in the fridge, and then taking out before eating. Turns out, I didn't find them that great directly from the fridge. Also, they just didn't taste as fresh as the ones I buy individually from Wal-Mart. I couldn't tell if that was because they had melted, or just weren't as fresh to start with
I originally ordered a Tanita scale and it stopped working within two weeks.  (Amazon, of course, took it back with no problems.)  I was so glad when the Omron scale arrived.  It costs less than the Tanita but the quality is much higher.  The numbers on it are very large and easy to read.  Also, it is much easier to place your feet properly than on the Tanita.  I can't wait to try all the features.  By the way, I weighed myself over and over and my weight only varied .2 lbs. as promised.  Great deal for the money!!! 
I recently started Weight Watchers and was looking to purchase a new and accurate scale.  I figured I would buy a WW product, but after reading the reviews, I decided to go with the Omron scale.  I am very pleased with this product.  It has been extremely accurate.  It keeps a history for both my husband and I.  I would highly recommend this scale to anyone!  It is also an attractive scale which is a bonus.  Go with the Omron scale
After reading the review regarding palm kernel oil in all of the Luna Bar flavors, I decided to read all the ingredients for each flavor myself. I noticed that the Luna Bar Toasted Nuts 'n' Cranberry flavor is the only flavor that does not contain palm kernel oil. If you are concerned about palm kernel oil you should purchase this flavor. The toasted nuts 'n' cranberry flavor is delicious, doesn't taste like a candy bar, and has low total and saturated fat gram percentages. Luna Bar Toasted Nuts 'n' Cranberry flavor is one of the better nutrition bars available on the market.
The Cherry Covered Choccolate Luna Bars are quite tasty. Chances are, if you're eating a chocolate cherry nutrition bar, you  need a little enticement to eat healthy. Like all these bars you do get sick of the same flavor day after day. I recommend alternating between these and another bar that's not so sweet (kashi trail mix bars are perfect). That helps me stick to the bars instead of hitting up the zillion calorie pastries at the corner coffee shop
This monitor is so easy to use, and more convenient than going to the grocery store. It saves the readings in memory, so if I don't have a pen and paper handy, I can retrieve the info later. It even shows the time the reading was taken.
My wife had high BP, so we got this model.  The reasons for choosing this model were that: 
1. the upper arm monitors are supposed to be more accurate
2. it was cheaper than the fully automatic models
3. Omron seems to be one of the better/best brands.  
4. Supposedly, the pumps on the fully automatic models are prone to breaking.
The unit appears well built (including the hand pump).  It is easy to operate, and it seems very accurate.  We checked its readings with an fully manual unit that we have at home, and the automatic unit at the drug store.  We find it takes very accurate and consistent readings.
People with physical limitations might find the hand pump inconvenient.  Also, people with a big arm might need to buy the larger cuff.  I'm overweight right now, so the cuff barely fits my arm, but fits my wife's nicely (it was bought for her)
This blood pressure monitor is everything I was looking for and the price was certainly right.  Thank you.  It works perfectly
i find the item in perfect shape and operates effectively 
   thank you so much
          bimvik
Unbeatable for the price!  Worked fine right out of the box.  Easy to use and easy to understand instructions.  I'm glad I bought it
My physician introduced me to this item. He said very accurate when compaired to the water and pinching methods. Is affordable and easy to use. Oh, did I forget to mention, accurate compaired to a scale model I own. Amazon is great to order from, the online ordering was easy and the product arrived in 5 days!
my baby is 12 moth now and she uses the Pampers Cruisers (size 3) from 4-month-old. it is soft and my baby never have "rush" with it.  my whole family love this diapers.
I encountered these at last week's Carlsbad Triathlon.  They tasted really good and I figured if it's good enough for the military, I'll give it a try...sure enough, the military knows what it's doing--it seems to work as claimed.  Thumbs up, or, Hooah
We use the ZBars for breakfast, and my kids love them! I love them too, as they're organic, contain no trans fat, no refinded sugar or flour. They're yummy AND healthy
Out of the 3 flavors available, this one is the favorite of both my boys (4yrs and 7yrs). BUT no matter what flavor its a snack they both will eat and enjoy!
I came across the Hooah drink because my boss--a retired military man running for office--always has a case lying around. With campaign season heating up and workdays getting crazy long, these are invaluable for getting me through the day, and keeping my thoughts coherent. Apparently military studies said these drinks improve alertness by fifty percent. I can't measure that in myself of course, but I do sense a dramatic improvement
This is a great drink. I wanted to try something that was different, and this definately fit in. It isnt carbonated, and tastes really good.
What I really wanted to know though, was how it worked. There is no caffeine or taurine, and the ingredients list didnt really show anything out of the ordinary.
It worked well though, and I was able to stay focused for a long time after drinking it
This shaver has met all my expectations. It cleans and recharges itself automatically. The shave is close and nick free. The only slight negative is the cleaning time per shave could run to 20 minutes
My husband said it is a very good shaver. It took a few days to get used to the shaving head because he has always used the Norelco shavers with three rotating heads. The Braun is a closer shave. The cleaning system works very well and it is easy to handle
I have owned this pulse meter for approximately 2 weeks and I find it to be accurate, but it takes a while for it to give a reading. The first few times I used it, it took over a minute to tell me my pulse. However, the manual does state that when you become used to the correct positioning of your finger on the sensor it will give a result faster. So far, this is true, as within the last 3 days, I have received readings within 10 seconds consistently. Considering the price, it was a good purchase
If you are trying to learn relaxation through biofeedback, this is the product to buy. Packaging, support, presentation, and hardware/software quality are the best that I have seen.  No down side. It's not a game in the usual sense. More of a way to learn techniques in a quiet and amusing way. 
There is room for a little mischief. Instead of allowing the balloons to flow smoothly, I tried busting a few. Type A personality shows through occasionally. I will be purchasing the next item in the series. I am learning to relax, at will, which will be helpful in my high-stress occupation. Good luck
I have had so much fun learning Bio feedback and learnig to breath.  The exercises and the story line are really helpful to achive control and develope skills for meditation.  I highly recommned this product.  I will be purchasing the add-on in the near future
Philips sent me a reprogram plug-in that took me only 10 minutes to change the settings to meet the new standards.
Most of the low price AED's use camaera batteries. My defibrillator has a long life lithium battary.
I won't risk someone's life on store-bought battaries.
Walt Blankenshi
As an ER/Trauma nurse I have seen and been involved in many, many cardiac arrests. Here is some information that you need to know 1) You must still perform adequate CPR, if not brain death occurs within 4 minutes of oxygen deprivation to the brain! 2) Even with trained personnel, CPR, a defibrillator and Advanced Cardiac Life Support (medications) the survival rate is very, very low. 
I am not telling you this to discourage purchasing this AED it is a wonderful unit I have been trained on it and had to use it once. I am letting you know that if you are willing to spend over $1000 on a defibrillator (especially for a private home)then a good idea would be to spend another $50 and take a basic CPR class. I hope that no one that buys this ever has to use it!!
Very compact with good instructions. Comes with a very durable case  and handle which makes it easily portable. I hope I never have to use it
At church today I came upon a man who had partially collapsed.  Since I'm a physician, I stopped and offered aid.  It turns out that he had a history of heart disease and was having some pretty concerning symptoms.  To my dismay, we do not have an AED at our church (yet).  We notified 911, and he was taken for medical care without any problems, but I was a bit worried there for a few minutes.  While I'm trained in BLS, that is, at best, a temporizing measure.  AEDs have a proven ability to diagnose and treat fatal heart rhythms.  In my opinion, places of public gathering should consider purchasing one of these devices.  I'll be working with our church to see if we can get one.  I would have been a bit more relaxed waiting for EMS if I had had one of these today.
However, buying an AED is not a cure-all.  I have been trained on these, and they are very simple to learn to use.  However, I think it would be quite difficult for someone who had never used one use it correctly during the stress of a cardiac arrest.  If you are considering buying an AED for home or public use, I strongly suggest reading the section on AEDs at the American Heart Association website.  It discusses some of the important preparations to consider before the purchase of such a device.
So, while not for everyone, this is one of the few products available that can truly save lives.  In the right situation, it is indispensable.
As an Emergency Nurse Practitioner and Paramedic, I cannot emphasize enough the importance of getting electricity to an adult who is suffering from cardiac arrest.  Technology is moving quickly to get electricity to the cardiac arrest victim earlier and earlier -- and the survival rates AND quality of life rates after such an arrest are sky rocketing accordingly. 
Is there too much direct-to-consumer marketing by medical-related companies?  Probably.  Is your personal risk for experiencing sudden cardiac arrest per calendar year low?  Definitely.  ...but do those smug reviewers refuse to buy vehicles with airbags in them just because their risk of being in an accident is low and the direct-to-consumer marketing is irritating to them?  No!  Those will be the same folks who want their cars with anti-lock breaks, airbags, the best side-impact reinforcements... and being a good driver (ie, "just improve your diet") won't cancel their risk for being in an accident.
I hope you never have to use this machine, but as an emergency healthcare worker -- both pre-hospital and in the emergency room -- I cannot say enough positive about AED's in the community setting! 
Don't run out and purchase this out of paranoia, however if yuo are at risk for a sudden cardiac event consider if this would be appropriate for you, your family members, your apartment building, your church, etc.  ...and rest assured that it is absolutely safe -- it is impossible to hurt a loved one with this, you can only help.
...and to those who gave negative reviews on this AED?  Don't forget to pay your car insurance!..
The toothbrush is great, feels like you just came from the dentist and had your teeth cleaned
The toothbrush section an the local drug store has at least a hundred different tooth brushes on offer but in spite of all this variety almost all of these have large heads. If you mouth is more petite or you have a strong gag reflex, your teeth suffer. The Oral B head is small and although you have to work a little more on each tooth, you can. I have not had a cavity in years. My pearly whites look greate and my gums are firm an buffed. If only these woked on abs.
These are a great, yuumy snack.  For someone who counts calories (or points), it's nice to have an option that is relatively healthy and still tastes great!  I have never met a Luna Bar I didn't like, though this is my favorite flavor
These are very tasty.  They take care of a sweet tooth without all the unpronouncable ingredients or being terrible for you.  They also are great in a diaper bag, purse, center console of a car for when you get hungry and need something to tie you over until you are at home or whatever your destination
They don't seem small at all.  I would agree that it's like a size 3, if you're talking about toddler CLOTHING, but the diaper size is different.  My daughter wears 3T clothes, size 5 Easy Ups
This baby has helped me track my heart through all the highs and lows and ultimately allowed me to assist my doctor in verifying that something is seriously wrong with my blood pressure. We're yet to verify what the culprit is... but this little guy helps me know when to slow down or kick it up a notch.
I would highly recommend this guy if you're looking for a wrist-inflatable blood pressure monitor. It's been consistant, reliable, and informative for both myself and my doctor
This blood pressure monitor is easy to use and works great
I'm cursed with sensitive skin and a tough beard.  I'll break out or rash up if my skin gets irritated, so I have to carefully prep for shaving.  After years of trial and error, I've finally settled on a good shaving cream system: Cetaphil Skin Cleanser for a base, then Kiss My Face Moisture Shave as a supplement.  For post-shave comfort and to prevent breakouts, I use a product like Clean&Clear Dual-Action Oil-Free moisturizing lotion.  However, the weak link up until now has been the actual shaver.  With the Gillette Fusion Power, I've finally found the right one.
I've used Gillette since they gave my unit free razors during the first Gulf War (I was in the Marines at the time).  They've gotten the job done, but a 3-blade system is ultimately inadequate for my beard and skin type.  It doesn't take long for the blades to start cutting my face and neck, especially since I take forever to change blades.  I dreaded looking in a bathroom mirror at work and seeing dried blood spots (not to mention getting blood stains on my collar).  Electric shavers don't work for me either - too hard on my skin, and I'd have a five-o'clock shadow around 2PM.
So, when I saw Gillette touting their new 5-blade system, I gave it a shot.  I was initially skeptical about the powered aspect due to my issues with electric shavers.  But the Fusion Power is the happy exception.  At first I struggled a bit getting the battery cap off of the end.  But once I mastered that maneuver and got the battery in, I was set.  It takes one AAA-battery that seems to last a decent interval (the low-battery indicator is a nice touch).  And even if the Fusion Power runs out of juice, you can still shave with it.  The shaver glides over my face, and the vibration feels good - kind of like a pick-me-up in the morning.  The five blades really nail my beard, and even tough spots like my chin and jaw line remain cut-free.  I also like the one-blade trimmer on top - very handy for evening out my sideburns and zapping those stray whiskers right under my nostrils.
My only issue is the expense of the blades.  But I can make them last a lot longer than the old 3-blade razors while still getting a great shave.  And most importantly, I rarely get those annoying cuts anymore (if I do, it's more because of rushing or clumsiness than anything else).  Ultimately, the result is worth the higher price.  The Gillette Fusion Power is the best shaver I've ever tried.  Highly recommended
I mean come ON, who needs 5 blades right?
Well, after thoughtful consideration of the major improvement that the Mach III was over a twin head razor, I decided that $10 was worth the price of a cheap thrill so I took the plunge, and to my surprise this thing works beyond my expectations. 
The first thing I noticed was that this new Fusion has a more powerful engine than the Mach III. The second thing I found was that this razor gives me a much closer shave than the Mach III, and with very little effort, and those tight spots that my old razor would always miss are not a problem anymore. And I find this razor to be very comfortable without a single nick that others have complained about. But I do use this razor strictly for my face if you know what I mean. haw haw 5 Blade
If your looking for a bar that hits the spot without leaving you wanting more this is the bar for you provides great flavor and satisfies I highly recommend this bar for in between snacks not to high in fat has more carbs than other protein bars but is a great overall ba
We LOVE this item!!!  We get older TV show DVDs from Netflix and they generally are not in the best condition when they come.  If the cleaner doesn't work, and it generally does, our back up is the repair stuff, which almost always does.  I think out of 30 disks, only two were not fixed.
I was surprised to open this pedometer page after sometime and see all the negative reviews it receives. I have been using this specific model for more than 3 months now and I am really satisfied with it. It is really accurate (&lt;1% declination, I have performed more than four tests of more than 400 steps during different times of its life and I have seen a couple of cheap pedometers performing much worse), clips firmly to belt or pants, displays the time conveniently and has nice backlight, even has a radio which works, although as most people said, not really its best feature. The truth is that I am not using the radio at all, mostly because I believe the batteries will last longer and it will save me from extra trips to Walmart. But I have tested it and it works, although nothing impressive there. Of course, for the money, I think you cannot go wrong with this pedometer.
One funny comment is that, although most people complain it cannot open very easily, after sometime it will open more easily that you think. Actually it has been a couple of times where putting a bag on my shoulders or a waist pouch and applying some pressure on it by mistake, will open it wide, so it does not count any steps. But it does not open by itself anyway, needs external force for this to happen, so it does not happen often.
All in all, I am sure that the plastic construction and the less than rigorous production testing will result in many pieces that do not function properly and will result in bad reviews. Maybe I have been lucky, maybe not, but this has been one of the best and most reliable devices that I carry and use every day. And a great incentive for walking and exercising more
This book is beautiful outside, I love the lace up binding and place for picture on the front. What I do not like is how there is no specific places to write in, you just have to use your imagination as to how to word and to position things on each page..too much like scrapbooking for me, I wanted a book with blank lines and spots to write in..For example one blank page will say, "All About Mom" then another that says "Baby Shower" etc..but the pages are blank. I need more structure
This is the 3rd or 4th time I have bought this type of batteries and I am always satisfied with their performance.  They are a great value
This is the best tasting energy bar I have ever had. My kids love them too. Great high energy snack
I have tried nearly all brands of energy bars.  Hooah! are the best tasting and they give me the most energ
Easy to open package,tastes good,stays fresh after opening and not using all at once, does what it's advertised to do
This is the only energy bar that I have sampled more than once! The Hooah! energy bar works faster, lasts longer, and tastes better!... Both flavors!... Go Army!
Compared to the energy bars on the market these days (Cliff, powerbar, etc.) that taste terrible, Hooah bars are awesome.  They really work too, energy wise.  Great for long bike rides, triatholons, etc. or even something to eat before practice for athletes.  They are awesome; I am a huge fan
We use the ZBars for breakfast, and my kids love them! I love them too, as they're organic, contain no trans fat, no refinded sugar or flour. They're yummy AND healthy
This is one of the best-tasting energy/snack bars I've tried.  It has true flavors (think a chewy chocolate brownie with small chocolate chips), little or no "off" flavors or aftertastes, and it's relatively filling, especially if accompanied by water or an additional quick snack, such as fruit.  It's a small bar, but it's packed with 3 grams of fiber (12% of daily needs based on a 2,000 calorie diet), and it's certified 95% organic.  These organic ingredients include organic rolled oats, organic oat Flour, organic oat fiber, organic and milled flaxseed, and actual natural flavors.  Even the sweet stuff is organic:, including organic chocolate (made with--you guessed it--organic evaporated cane juice), soy butter, cocoa powder, cocoa butter, tapioca syrup, and fig paste. CLIF's website proclaims that  "CLIF ZBar is the first kids' snack created to comply with SB-19, California's Senate Bill limiting fat and sugar in foods offered within the state's school system...We source ingredients which do not contain wheat and are not genetically engineered."  Although aimed at kids, adults and teens will enjoy this as well.  
Ingredients: Organic Rolled Oats, Organic Chocolate Chips (Organic Evaporated Cane Juice, Organic Unsweetened Chocolate, Organic Cocoa Butter, Soy Lecithin, Natural Flavors), Organic Evaporated Cane Juice Syrup, Organic Brown Rice Syrup, Organic Tapioca Syrup, Organic Fig Paste, Organic Oat Flour, Organic Cocoa Powder, Organic Soy Butter, Natural Flavors, Organic Oat Fiber, Organic Milled Flaxseed, Organic Chocolate (Organic Evaporated Cane Juice, Organic Unsweetened Chocolate, Organic Cocoa Butter, Soy Lecithin), Salt, Baking Soda. For those with allegies, CLIF includes the following caution "Contains soy. May contain traces of milk, peanuts and other nuts."
Vitamins & Minerals: Calcium Carbonate, Ascorbic Acid (Vit. C), Niacinamide (Vit. B3), Ferric Orthophosphate (Iron), Zinc Oxide, Cyanocobalamin (Vit. B12), Thiamine Mononitrate (Vit. B1), Pyridoxine Hydrochloride (Vit. B6), Riboflavin (Vit. B2), Folic Acid (Vit. B9), Beta Carotene (Vit A).
Nutritional Information: In one bar (36 grams) there are 120 calories, 3 grams of fat (5% of percent daily values based on a 2,000 calorie diet), of which one gram s saturated fat(but no trans fat), 0 cholesterol, 12 grams sugar, A total of 22 grams carbohydrates (7%), which includes 12 grams of sugar and 10 grams of other carbohydrates, 125 mg of sodium (4%), 110 mg. potassium(3%), 3 grams of dietary fiber (12%) and a gram of insoluble fiber, and the following vitamins and minerals:  Vitamin A (6%), B1(30%), B2 (15%), B3 (20%), B6 (20%), B12 (10%), %). C (35%), Iron (10%), zinc (15%), Phosphorus (20%), and Folate (20%).
I don't think there's a similar product around that can compete with the taste, purity, and nutritional value of this popular new treat
I still have ther original blackmans shaver purchased in 1977 it still works!  this one works even better I have tried other remington shavers over the years  the 850 9300 and the 9500 none of them worked as well as the  first one untill now! I found that by shaving in small circular motion  as  you move along your face you won't need williams lectric shave as I had with the other razors and it's much easier to claen! now if the just keep making replacement baldes I will be very happy for a long time
This Omron Blood Pressure Monitor is OK, but not as good, in my opinion as my old one from the same company.  This one doesn't print out results, although it does store them.  Also, the cuff is very stiff and cumbersome. 
I came across the Hooah drink because my boss--a retired military man running for office--always has a case lying around. With campaign season heating up and workdays getting crazy long, these are invaluable for getting me through the day, and keeping my thoughts coherent. Apparently military studies said these drinks improve alertness by fifty percent. I can't measure that in myself of course, but I do sense a dramatic improvement
I'm writing to correct a few factual errors in other reviews.  One reviewer claimed that Soldier Fuel contains no energy ingredients.  This is untrue.  Soldier Fuel was formulated by military labs specifically to provide steady energy to troops.  Carbohydrates are the body's primary source of energy.  Soldier Fuel contains 29 g of complex carbs (the carbs that give long-lasting energy) and 12 g of sugar.  The U.S. Military labs deemed this the perfect ratio to give you both a quick burst of energy and no crash.  Most other energy drinks on the market have lots of sugar and caffeine.  Since caffeine is a stimulant and not a source of energy, the result is a quick spike in energy followed by a crash.  
Another error is that Soldier Fuel has more sugar.  It has less.  One 12 oz. can of Soldier Fuel has 12 g of sugar.  The same amount of Gatorade contains 21 g of sugar.  The same amount of Red Bull has 39g sugar.
Finally, the support for the troops is not marketing hype.  Our company is partnered with the U.S. Military's Natick Soldier Center.  A portion of the gross proceeds from each can of HOOAH! Soldier Fuel and each HOOAH! bar directly funds research that improves the safety, diet, and quality of life of our troops
Very happy with this purchase. Received it in a reasonable time and at a great price including the rebate for signing up for an [...] credit card. It is easy to use and seems more accurate than the wrist type monitors. I like the History feature in order to determine the average blood pressure over a long period of time since pressures change daily!Good machine especially since it has an AC adapter so that there is no need to change batteries frequently!Also, the intellisense feature makes sure the cuff is always properly inflated before readings
Item received in perfect condition. Checked with Doctor.  Very good blood pressure monitor.  Thank you
These are very tasty.  They take care of a sweet tooth without all the unpronouncable ingredients or being terrible for you.  They also are great in a diaper bag, purse, center console of a car for when you get hungry and need something to tie you over until you are at home or whatever your destination
Happy with price and product.   Very very easy to use; fast and accurate
easy to use.it seems quite accurate.the only bad thing is it needs batteries,which cost a lot
Great features!  Probably the best pedometer out there for the money.  The only reason I give 4 vice 5 stars, is that I think the one I bought for my mom (same brand and model) is slightly more accurate.  A great way to track your fitness overall
For many years I Couldn't use a electric shaver because it was always a incomplete shave, so after each Christmas when I received a new one I would try it and would go back to a manual razor, THEN came along the freeglider and yippy it did a reasonable job that I would call satisfactory, the over the years That razor went obsolete so I started to look for a new replacement. I read some of the reviews. I read "the refills are costly  ... hello... 4$ a month?, then I read doesn't do a good job, Well let me report to you all this is the best darn razor, Its like magic each time I use it(cleans itself each time" its quick, comfortable , quiet, the cleaning process is so cool and I for one love the concept of a clean razor each time I use it, this razor is 10 times better then the freeglider which I loved, what a joy shaving now is , I can even shave twice (I go to work sometimes at 3am then later that night if I'm going out I can shave again and it doesn't irritate.. what a magical razor they have designed .. 
PS. The cleaning solution is not expensive (under 12$ for 3ea, that's 4$ apiece and lasts a month).
thank you to the designer 
I highly recommend this  2 thumbs up
cons
none I can see as yet .. John
Nowhere else in this country can you get this quality, accuracy and convenience at this price.  FDA Approved and NCEP Certified, and the entire cholesterol panel... no other at-home test can make those claims.  As for my results, they agreed perfectly with the lab test at my doctor's office.  Why would anyone want to waste time at their doctor's office when Amazon.com makes this superb BIOSAFE test available to any customer.  I'm recommending it to all my friends.  Buy one today!  Or better yet 2; get one for a friend
My wife and I have used this a few times now and really like it.  From a novice's point of view, this is a great meditation aid.  I like being able to get the visual feedback as I calm and center myself.  I guess the hardest part is not letting myself get too anxious as I try to accomplish the task in front of me.  
It's also a very pretty game with very lush and detailed visuals as well as a nice soundtrack
This is a fantastic tool for self improvement and relaxation and a flawed but acceptable game by gaming standards alone.  The biofeedback hardware/software is excellent and you WILL make progress whether your goals are stress reduction, better meditation, building higher self-esteem, maybe even reaching higher states of consciousness etc...The "biofeedback events" are diverse and well designed and generally just great to use!  Most of the in-game advice is also fantastic and there are a few "easter eggs" which offer very practical tools to help build your self esteem, realize your goals etc...Much of the *substance* of this project is masterfully achieved (though there are a few cheesy moments).
That said the interface etc. needs help, it can be downright frustrating, and the relatively low-res graphics can be a strain on some screens.  Thankfully these issues have been addressed in the expansion pack Wisdom Quest, which I also highly recommend.  Overall, this is a really innovative and great product.  Also a good investment as far as biofeedback devices go since there will likely be more expansion packs and third-party software to come
I finally received this product in the mail after knowing about it for a year. I can't say I'm a huge fan of Deepak Chopra. He presents some good ideas, but from what I can tell he seems to consider meditation to be more of a mechanism for mind and body control, leading to bliss and relaxation, rather than a tool for unbiased self knowledge, to come to terms with all the things that one rather might ignore. I find this bias is reflected in the game.
 As a game in itself, it is pretty good -  its graphics and its originality - and learning to relax and chill out may be useful for some people. I didn't find the process as compelling as I expected, though. I found I was able to learn some of the skills pretty fast, and other places I seemed to get stuck. One potential drawback is that if you get frustrated, and try to start forcing things to happen, it can defeat the purpose of meditation.
The science of biofeedback is fairly new, and I can see its potential in the field of preventative health. I just wouldn't put the same New Age spin on things as Chopra does.
You can shave anything without putting future fatherhood at risk, though  it takes some patience to get things really smooth. I've used it repeatedly over the past three months without any major problems. My skin was a little sensitive after the first time, but no terrible pain or anything, and there's none at all now that I'm accustomed to using it. It is possible to nick yourself if you press too hard while shaving, but if you read the instructions first you should be fine. A couple of very minor drawbacks: It's rather noisy, more so than a regular electric razor, and if you use the comb attachments, it's tough to remove them without also removing the foil screen at the same time. But that pops right back in, so not a big dea
This is a very good shaver for the private area.  However, the key to getting the best results is to trim the longer hairs with scissors or the largest guard first.  This will keep the shaver from pulling on the longer hairs and will enable the foil part of the shaver to work.  The foil will not be able to do its job if the hairs are too long.
The only problem I had with the shaver was that it did not enable me to shave my back like it claimed.  However, I use the 'mangroomer' back shaver for this and it is perfect for you to shave off all your back hair easily with its elongated handle.  it is a great product as well.
Therefore, I would have to say these two products coupled together seem to cover all the bases for men's grooming on the body.  I would highly recommend both of them for perfect manscaping results
Necessary replacement brush heads to maintain correct oral hygeine with rotary Braun electric toothbrush.  I foung Amazon.com's price for this item CHEAPER than Costco or Sam's Club!!!
The toothbrush is great, feels like you just came from the dentist and had your teeth cleaned
The Biosafe Thyroid Test is accurate and simple to use. The results came back in less than a week and matched my doctor's results! Thanks Biosafe
Yes, the kit is easy to use, but if you don't bleed freely, get a few extra lancets before you start. Most pharmacists will give you one or two lancets for free. The kit only comes with two (which can be used only one time). It took me 6 jabs to get enough blood for the test; I had to run out to the corner pharmacy to get more lancets (because I'm too much of a whimp to find a household bloodletting tool). Other than that - no complaints. The lab got the results back to me faster than expected
These bars are supposed to be for Women because they are lower cal and have more calcium.  I think there are other factors as well.  Men are usually affraid of products like vitamins for women stangely enough, but they say that they need calcium and protein too.  I really like the key lime flavor it is great.  I like lemon also and the chi tea.  I like those flavors because they are light tasting and I do not always have to have chocolate the way some people do.  The lime reminds me of the florida keys.  These are really better than the original cliff bars and when they came out I did not eat another man ciff bar.  I used to eat one of these for breakfast everyday with a soy milk when I had a busy life.  Thankfully my life has slowed down now.  It is good grab and go food
After reading the review regarding palm kernel oil in all of the Luna Bar flavors, I decided to read all the ingredients for each flavor myself. I noticed that the Luna Bar Toasted Nuts 'n' Cranberry flavor is the only flavor that does not contain palm kernel oil. If you are concerned about palm kernel oil you should purchase this flavor. The toasted nuts 'n' cranberry flavor is delicious, doesn't taste like a candy bar, and has low total and saturated fat gram percentages. Luna Bar Toasted Nuts 'n' Cranberry flavor is one of the better nutrition bars available on the market.
My daughter Morgane, who is now 8 years old, has been suffering from delibitating migraines since infancy (yes, there is such a thing, unfortunately).
The symptoms are very impressive, she usually drops to the floor and starts vomiting within a few minutes. She cannot move or open her eyes. It makes her very anxious and we noticed that she hyperventilates when she thinks she is going to "get dizzy". We tried to make her breathe slowly and calm down, to no avail. Morgane's doctor told us that breathing slowly and practicing biofeedback were the best non-drug practices against migraines, and we try to avoid giving Morgane medication as she is so young. So I thought of using RESPeRATE as my Dad has high-blood pressure and I knew it worked on the breathing pattern.
Morgane immediately understood how to use the device, it was so easy and even fun for her. It relaxes her and gives her the strength to know she can do something about her migraines. Her breathing pattern has reduced considerably and so far, she has not had another migraine attack for about 6 months. She used to have them every two months.
I have purchased another device for my best friend, a long time migraine sufferer. The way I see it, it is such a painful condition that anything that helps without harm is a blessing
Easy to use; and a wicked incentive to lose weight. Have lost 20 kilos in just a few months from walking.
They don't seem small at all.  I would agree that it's like a size 3, if you're talking about toddler CLOTHING, but the diaper size is different.  My daughter wears 3T clothes, size 5 Easy Ups
This baby has helped me track my heart through all the highs and lows and ultimately allowed me to assist my doctor in verifying that something is seriously wrong with my blood pressure. We're yet to verify what the culprit is... but this little guy helps me know when to slow down or kick it up a notch.
I would highly recommend this guy if you're looking for a wrist-inflatable blood pressure monitor. It's been consistant, reliable, and informative for both myself and my doctor
I was really enjoying my Oregon Scientific Pedometer, I found it easy to use and accurate; however, after 1 month it accidentally fell on the floor, and that was it, it no longer works...I will probably buy another one, but it needs to be treated with kid-gloves.
great product, easy to use and simple to follow instruction, keeps me in the zone to burn calories while on my walks.  i recommend it to anyone.    it doesnt interface with gym exercise equipment but i dont use them anyway and it doesnt cost 3 to 4 times what one of those do.  buy it, wear it, be happy
I have had Omord HR-100C for a few months now. I use it wile on my treadmill. It seems to take a wile before it starts to register the hart rate; I think it is because the sending unit needs some moisture to make good contact with your skin. I did have some trouble with the unit when I first started using it; I replaced the battery in the sending unit which solved the problem. The fact that the battery is user replaceable is one of the main reasons I picked the Omord brand. The HR-100C is a bare bones unit and does a good job if you are looking for an inexpensive basic hart rate monitor
Great product for the $ I spent.  I picked it b/c I can replace the batteries myself and the cost was in my budget.  It does jump around more than I'd like, but I can tell from the range that I am over or under my target heart rate.  It does beep to let you know that, but I find it annoying so I turn it off.  If you find you have trouble getting it to register your rate, then move it around a bit.  Mine works best when I put it higher on my chest, in the area of my heart, just below my shoulder blade. 
This review is about the Oral-B Flexisoft replacement heads. Coupled with the Braun electric toothbrushes, this is one of the most effective aids to oral hygiene ever developed. My introduction to Oral-B goes back over 27 years to a USAF basic training briefing; a dental technician held up an Oral-B toothbrush with medium bristles and said "this is the toothbrush you need if you want to keep your teeth" or some such statement like that. Well, I haven't lost one yet. 
The motorized mechanicals of the toothbrush do most of the work while you guide the oscillating round head around and over your pearly whites. While the heads are undeniably pricey when looked at just in dollars and cents, there is value in the fact that the total package actually makes a rather mundane chore a little more fun while actually living up to the claim that it does a better job on your teeth than manual brushing. 
Since I've always believed the entire surface area of the toothbrush head was meant to be covered with toothpaste and the size of the head on these is smaller than the average brush, I know I'm using less toothpaste to do the same job. While this is no big deal, the long term economic benefit is plaque under control, healthy gums and a bright smile full of natural teeth. It's kind of hard to deny it works since my dentist has confirmed the positive results upon direct examination.
Just be careful what model of these brush heads you are selecting and watch the pricing. Oral-B uses a kind of color code for the bristles, and the ones that have the colored indicator bristles in a line with the shaft are the Flexisoft model that seems to equate to medium hardness. 
Enjoy life
Now that I'm writing this review, it seems silly that I'm so happy over such a small thing as a toothbrush.  But I am.  I bought this item not long after I had my first (and hopefully only) root canal and crown four years ago, something which I never again want to experience in my life (as someone else described, it was painful and expensive).  Growing up, I didn't take care of my teeth like I should've, so I'm accustomed to always being told there's either a cavity, or the start of one, and having to have more work done.  
After the root canal, my mom recommended a brush that had at least a certain number of pulsations/oscillations, because that's what she'd been recommended by her dentist to combat her receding gums.  This specific item met those requirements, and it was affordable.  When I first started using it, my gums were very sensitive to it, but that quickly wore off, so it seems to me that it strengthens the gums.  It is also MUCH easier to get behind the front teeth.  Subsequent dentist vists by my mom have shown that her gums have improved dramatically after using a high-quality electric toothbrush such as this one (I honestly don't remember if she has this exact model, but ours are similar), and I've not needed any work done at the dentist beyond regular cleanings since I purchased it.
As far as cleaning the unit to keep it from "gunking" up, I'm the only person who uses this item, so any extra toothbrush heads are still in the package they came in, not dripping into the storage container; so I don't know how to combat that.  But I just take the toothbrush head off the thing and rinse it, then rinse the hand-held part, and set them back on the unplugged charger/base (I only plug it in when the battery runs low) and things stay clean with no problem
This is a great product, easy to program and use.. easy to read digital display and very accurate
I recently started Weight Watchers and was looking to purchase a new and accurate scale.  I figured I would buy a WW product, but after reading the reviews, I decided to go with the Omron scale.  I am very pleased with this product.  It has been extremely accurate.  It keeps a history for both my husband and I.  I would highly recommend this scale to anyone!  It is also an attractive scale which is a bonus.  Go with the Omron scale
My wife had high BP, so we got this model.  The reasons for choosing this model were that: 
1. the upper arm monitors are supposed to be more accurate
2. it was cheaper than the fully automatic models
3. Omron seems to be one of the better/best brands.  
4. Supposedly, the pumps on the fully automatic models are prone to breaking.
The unit appears well built (including the hand pump).  It is easy to operate, and it seems very accurate.  We checked its readings with an fully manual unit that we have at home, and the automatic unit at the drug store.  We find it takes very accurate and consistent readings.
People with physical limitations might find the hand pump inconvenient.  Also, people with a big arm might need to buy the larger cuff.  I'm overweight right now, so the cuff barely fits my arm, but fits my wife's nicely (it was bought for her)
It is really good enough for my need.
I have no problems so far
I eat one of these twice a week before I play ice hockey.  I specifically buy this flavor because it contains caffeine, though I don't perceive any "boost".  It could be there and I'm just not noticing it.  I feel they do the job of keeping me fueled for the workout.  It would be nice if the package made a specific recommendation about how long before a workout to eat the Clif Bar.
I find the size of a Clif bar a bit disappointing, especially considering the "store" price of $1.50.  At $11 a case and with free shipping when spending $25 or more, I've not found a better price than Amazon's on Clif bars
I have very sensitive skin and tried wet shaving with several different electrics and this shave stick beats foam and loation hands down.  As other reviewers point out the stick is made of talc in a parafin base.  It makes dry shaving extremely smooth, as smooth as shaving with foam or lotion but without any of the mess.  You can use this with any type of electric, not just Remingtons, and it's very easy to clean out, just tap it out and/or blow and/or brush.  Highly recommende
I bought this one for my wife and she was really happy about the product.
She personally like the product and really good
This was a perfect fit for my healthy lifestyle!  What I found also very helpful was getyoursexyon.myarbonne.com it was the only thing that I never thought would be missing from trying to be healthy everyday.  Guess there's enough people vouching for my all time fav cliff bars so I wanted to spread the word, I know I wish I would have found out sooner! 
If you burn lots of calories in your activities, this high energy food could give you a lift.  There are 250 calories packed into this little 2.4 ounce bar, which is advertised to be at least 70% organic.  This bar is advertised to be for athletes first, and as a casual snack second.  If you are overweight and trying to drop pounds, you can skip this snack and move back to unbuttered popcorn.
When I opened this bar I noticed that it looks like compressed goop.  However, the compressed goop tastes pretty good.  The texture is much like a granola bar, though more moist than a granola bar.  The black cherry part of the black cherry almond is understated.  There are dried cherries in this mix rather than artificial cherry flavor, which is a big plus.  I was unable to find anything in this bar that implied it was artificial, which is an even bigger plus.
One thing that confused me a little is that the bar is advertised to have no wheat and no dairy, but the label on the bar states that there may be trace amounts of dairy.  I guess they either knew there might be a very small amount of dairy or they were hedging themselves because of possible cross-contamination from some other process.  In either case, vegens consider whether trace amounts of dairy makes this an acceptable product.  The label also states that there may be traces of peanuts.
This bar also contains 20% of the daily recommended dietary fiber, which means drinking lots of water is a good idea when eating this bar.  There are also lots of vitamins and trace elements, which may be a good thing unless you take vitamin supplements, in which case you may need to consider whether you are getting too much of a good thing.
Clif Bars could be a casual snack, but the ingredients and their marketing really suggest that they are geared toward individuals that are looking for a healthy energy boost in high energy activities.  If you fall into that category, which could include hiking, climbing, bicycling, running, jogging, and other similarly strenuous activities, then this bar could be a good way of packing a big punch in a small package.
Enjoy!
I really liked the outside design of the book. A lot of books were "cartoonish" and really was drawn to the look of the book. I wish the book did not have so much random fill-in pages. I had hoped that it would have blanks to fill in for different events/ages of the child. But all in all I am pleased with it. I would most likely buy again
My physician introduced me to this item. He said very accurate when compaired to the water and pinching methods. Is affordable and easy to use. Oh, did I forget to mention, accurate compaired to a scale model I own. Amazon is great to order from, the online ordering was easy and the product arrived in 5 days!
Useful
Easy to use
Good price
I would recommend this product
It does what it advertises. The bodyfat readings do fluctuate, but that's normal, it gives you a good general idea of how much bodyfat you have, and it gives a simple reading of whether your bmi with your body fat is low, normal, high, too high. I got it for about 25 bucks so good buy.
Very handy that you can put it in your handbag wherever you go. You can use it to read those tiny words in the label when you are grocery shopping. Better than magnifier glass because the width of this bookmark covers the whole line of a page
I own an older dispensor, from around 1999, and I was afraid that these filters wouldn't fit.  They do and seem to work fine.  I can't find a "replace" indicator on these new ones, the older filters had a sliding arrow to show when to replace them.  I guess that I just have to replace it on a calendar basis, they say the filters are good for 2 months
I was very suprised at how small the units were (I ordered 2).  But they work great and run very quietly.  The filter is very easy to change.  I have one downstairs in the living room and one upstairs that I switch from bedroom to bedroom and the units work well in that amount of space.  I would recommend this product to anyone looking for value for their money
I called Nature Made and inquired about their procedures to test their product for mercury. Their Fish oil is USP tested for purity and potency. There isn't any "mercury-free" fish oil, however, NM contains only .01 mcg / g of mercury. Very low level and certainly not toxic. I'm keeping my bottle of it and will take it confidently. FYI: they have a great website that contains all this information
Doug Ritter and his foundation, Equipped to Survive, has come up with a very economic method to equip yourself and your family with an emergency kit. It is small enough to carry unnoticed in a pocket, yet fully functional.
Although you can control the amount of certain items if you put together your own kit (something of a rite of passage among the survivalists/emergency preparedness folk), I spent twice as much putting together a comparable kit. The military issue sparklite and tinder-quick, Fox-40 whistle, and Rescue Flash signal mirror alone could cover the cost of the kit and they are all top notch gear. This pack is extremely high quality through and through, from choice of equipment to packing and instructions. I recommend looking at the ETS website at the slideshow of how such a kit is put together and what Doug Ritter himself recommends that you add to the kit (the pouch can hold a few more small items such as water purification tabs).
The Pocket Survival Pack is an amazing value. I've purchased all of the items separately, and just the shipping or driving to pick up 3 or 4 of the items probably covers half the cost! If you are lucky enough to get everything at one store, you'd be hard pressed to get the entire kit as cheap as this. I know people who have purchased this kit to take the parts for their own self-built survival kits! That's how economical it is. Plus, if you buy this PSP, a portion of the proceeds goes to the ETS non-profit group which gives free survival consulting to deployed troops and is actively involved in improving survival equipment and standards. In fact, Doug Ritter is the only consumer advocate working with the governing body on personal locator beacons used in marine, aviation, and remote travel.
The kit itself comes in a waterproof container. I found it to be a bit tight when closing back up, but there is actually some room for more items. All components are of the highest quality. It's lightweight and I never notice it in a pocket. With the recommended ETS or similar keychain LED flashlight and a good pocket folding knife, you have a complete survival kit that rivals ones costing $100+. These are cheap enough to get one for each car and any camping/hiking/marine/aviation gear you might have. I highly recommend this PSP. I'm not affiliated with ETS, but I've come to appreciate their no-nonsense advice and forums. And if this was a bad kit, I'd still say so. I give it 5 stars, great value for the price and it really could save your life
Bought this to help make muddy paw print clean up a little quicker.  This works well, my better half thinks I have an obsession with Mr. Swiffer... :) It does leave a haze on the floor though.  I use the recommended 3 sec. cleaner dispense...maybe it's because I don't change the pads ofter enough.  Overall, I would purchase the Swiffer again if I had too
Clean, fresh, subtle scent; not at all flowery, musky, or heavy; just a clean, fresh, beautiful scent; haven't found anything better, and the price is nice, too
I received this parfum as a birthday gift and I fell in love with it as soon as I smelled it.  The scent lasts all day without being too overbearing. I swear every single time I wear this, someone stops me and asks what am I wearing.  The fragrance is crisp and sensual.  It kind of reminds me of Bath & Body Works' Moonlight Path. Buy it, you won't regret it, especially for the price that Amazon is offering it for
I bought Calvin Klein For Women parfum as a Christmas gift to my sister. To see the smile on her face at Christmas when she opened her gift, was priceless. As for the cost, it was much less than the department stores at the local mall's. Thank you Amazon for a great deal!
I love these LUVS! They are remarkably thin. Easy to pull out of the wipe warmer, yet still very durable and pliable. However, they are also remarkably difficult to find locally. So buy in bulk when you can find them.
These wipes are just as soft and durable as Pampers, but much less expensive! They are not alcohol-free, unfortunately - though I have noticed that those wipes which are alcohol-free contain citric acid (fyi). Quick, free delivery
I suffer from upper back and shoulder tension.  I've been using neck warmers for years but recently lost the only one I had.  After looking at many warmers, I chose the Happy Wrap.  The wrap stays warm for more than an hour and has the moist heat which is perfect for tense muscles.  My Yorkshire Terrier can't wait until I'm done using it and fights with the cat to get it when I'm finished.
I purchased the Revlon Facial Steamer, this was my first purchase on line and I am very satisfied with the steamer and the service I received from amazon. The steamer is great I use it when I give myself a facial, I have not use the nail kit yet.
I really like this product because it's compact and easy to use. Now that wouldn't be important if it didn't work properly, but it does, so I have everything in one small, easy-to-carry package.  That's a valuable feature for one who's on the go as much as I am.
The greatest thing about this product is that it's ACCURATE; I always take it to the Dr's office with me and compare his results with the results of this dynamite little monitor.
I liked it so well, after I tried it, I went back and bought one for a friend who was recently diagnosed with high blood pressure.
Highly recommended, but I also recommend that you compare your results with your doctor's.  After all, it's only a machine ... and like cars, you can always get a "lemon.
I received this chair very quickly, even though it was close to Christmas. The chair was wonderful! Such a great price for such a great chair
I have been using Source of Life Energy Shake for many years.  I recommend one scoop in 8 oz. of orange juice or milk twice a day.   Basically, I pour the milk in a shaker cup and put the scoop on top, close the shaker and shake for a few seconds.   This stuff tastes great and has loads of healthy vitamins, herbs, minerals, and more!     A few months ago, I actually used this drink to cut down on my Starbuck's daily double shot of expresso!   Guess a Source of Life Starbucks Latte would be great, maybe I'll try that someday!  This product deserves more than 5 stars and it is absolutely a great product in every way.   If you are looking for a healthy energy drink that tastes good, you have found it
My grandfather found a vial of Old Spice in his Navy kit when he joined in 1943. He continued using it after the war and my father picked it up when he himself came of age. I began shaving about ten years ago and choice was obvious: Old Spice is conservative and masculine, distinct and time-honored. It's not a trend; it's a statement of manhood. If Proctor &amp; Gamble obliges, my own grandkids will be using it
I am so happy with this product. I have chronic stomach trouble and this enzyme product has saved me from many days and nights of upset stomach. If I eat too late at night or eat the "wrong" thing, I just pop a couple capsules and no problems for the night
This is a great barber-style setup... it comes with a lot of guides and has a little case.  They even give you a garbage bag.  Good dea
I love this product. In combination with diet and exercise I have lost about 5 pounds, and I wasn't heavy to begin with (all I wanted to do was tone up). Instead of taking the recommended dosage of 2 capsules twice a day, I am taking 1 twice a day. I figured I'd take it slow before I get too jittery. But it definitely curbs my appetite. I literally eat half of my usual intake. It gives me energy without making me feel like I'm wired and I haven't had any shaking hands. I only had headaches for the first 2 days I took this, but now they are completely gone. I will continue to take this even after I reach my goal weight. It's a great product.
I rate (Green tea Fat Burner) 5 star. because 
I bot another called Lipoxinol 70.00) and I bot another one called   (Green tea fat furner) and it was better in quality wise and its only 14.99 at Costco.
Lipoxinol is very good as well but more expesive . bot off amazon.it sais its ( made canada) derctions say to take 4 pills in AM & 4pills  PM. and man there great.
the (green tea fat burners)  in comparison dictions say take 2 pillsAM & 2pills PM. I over rall I think  (green tea fat burner) makes me a little bit more hyper. the more hyper the more stuff I do ,that means the more excerise I get,,,,, 
 You will see Lipoxinal on amazon. its 4 star, this one has less rating for some reason ,not many people said much about it, wierd ,Americans like to pay more money when ,this one can work just as great, not all work tho, but like I said this one was great for me in wise, I bot both,dont go off telling every one u are taking weight loss pills because people will get worryed, like theres no problem ,people drink Coffee every day of there life, I told my mom and she thot I was crazy, but what dose my mom know, she never tryed weight loss pills, I tryed ntoher one from the natral food store call Mini skiny fat burner and I felt like I just shot my self with cocane, so be carfull ,earbs have been used for thousand of years and can make u drug crazy,
This product does make the appetite disappear!! However it made me very irritable while I took it. I took it for four days so I did not give it enough time to see how the fat burning part worked. The pills were also very long and caused me throat irritation. Everyone is affected differently when taking things so I would say give it a try you will notice the effects right away.
IT'S AMAZING HOW A LITTLE COMMON SENSE CAN TURN INTO A MILLION YOU KNOW WHAT'S. AS SOON AS I TRIED THESE I REALIZED HOW MUCH BETTER THEY ARE THAN THE USUAL THROAT LOZENGES. WHY? BECAUSE OTHERS CAUSE YOU TO SUCK ON THEM, AND THIS STRAINS YOUR THROAT MUSCLES, WHICH IS BAD. GUMMI LOZENGES, IT'S GENIUS. WHY DIDN'T I THINK OF IT. THEN AGAIN, I DID, BUT I DIDN'T CREATE AIRBORNE WHICH IS WONDERFUL IN ITSELF. REALLY, THESE LOZENGERS ARE GREAT. AT NIGHT IF YOU USE ONE THEY JUST STAY PRETTY MUCH STUCK TO THE SIDE OF YOUR THROAT AND YOU CAN FALL ASLEEP WITHOUT EVEN THE THOUGHT THAT YOU COULD SHALLOW IT AND CHOKE. JUST REMEMBER HOW LONG IT TAKES FOR A NORMAL LOZENGE TO DISOLVE WITHOUT BITTING IT ( EVEN THEN ). THESE GO PRETTY QUICK, AND WITHOUT CREWING ( WHICH IS THE BEST WAY TO USE THEM ). I MYSELF TRY TO ALWAYS HAVE THEM IN THE HOUSE. YOU SHOULD, AND WILL DO THE SAME AFTER YOU TRY THEM. ALSO THE PRICE ON AMAZON IS THE BEST. I'M ABOUT TO ORDER 10 BOXES ( WOULD ORDER MORE BUT FOR THE SHIPPING CHARGE, WHICH EVEN WITH IS STILL CHEAPER THEN TARGET ). MAYBE THE OWNER SHOULD PUT ME ON THE PAYROLL.
27 ounces is a nice size, the bottle is light (can be dented), and water stored in it tastes very good....and that will be even more welcome in the summer when a hot plastic water bottle in the car will taste lousy!
Another reviewer mentioned a squeal......that would be while twisting the cap on or off. I've gotten used to that. Wish it was just a hair thinner to fit in my Toyota cupholder...that may not be an issue with Toyotas that are newer than mine are (10 & 15years).
In the car, on the nightstand ,in the canoe or kayak.....it's working for me
We love this new power toothbrush because it does a great job cleaning the teeth and it has so much more power than our old brush
I purchased this toothbrush for my 2 young daughters.  It's a great brush head for pediatric (and adult) mouths. They swap out the heads, it's rechargeable and I can stop purchasing junky kids battery-operated toothbrushes every 1-2 months after the batteries wear down.  I have used this toothbrush for myself for the past 3 years and no longer have a problem with receding gums or plaque build-up
I used to own a brush from another manufacturer.  It never brushed well: the heads wore out waaaaaaaay too quickly.  I just never felt I was getting a good brush.
After using this brush for about a couple of months, I went in for a regular checkup.  My dentist told me my teeth had never looked better.  That's all the testimony I need
I like the 4 brush holder and the power and brushing action of this model.  The kids find the 30 second interval timer especially helpful to keep moving around the mouth.  It's a bit louder than the older model, probably because it's got an additional motion, and the blue charging light is bright enough for a night light.
Overall, just what we wanted
Daughter was very pleased when she received it unexpectedly, after her good news! She's very picky also...just loved the quality and organizational value of the set! Very nicely packaged. Would highly recommend
I was skeptical about buying this at first, but after seeing it in Allure, and reading the various reviews on amazon, I decided to try it.
I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised; it does what it says. It won't work on cyctic acne or if the pimple has already come to a head. It does work on pimples that are just beginning.. those hard, tender knots deep under your skin you just know are going to be huge in a day or two. I've used it on two pimples that were red bumps, and both were mostly gone within 24 hours. Completely gone in less than 3 days. Usually it would have taken 7-10 days for them to go away, and it would have been UGLY
i love this product...it is so well worth the money if you're experiencing a skin problem.  easy to use, portable, no lotions or creams needed...just my little leather case
Heats up fast, rolls up easily (doesn't slip like old-school hot rollers used to), and stays on with the right hot roller clips. Depending on the look I'm looking for, I use 4 or up to 8 rollers for my chin-length fine hair, keep them on for 10 minutes while I put on my makeup, and voila! Soft, strokeable voluminous hair
I use these almost every morning. They're hot and ready to go in seconds. I like the nonslip surface of the curlers. Makes it so easy to set my hair, remove, and go in a matter of minutes and still have a really nice style. I like having 12 *large* rollers to handle my thick, long hair. These rollers rock
The lisse crepe microfiber hair turbans from aquis are very soft, absorbant, and they dry quickly. The "diva darling" hair towels are not quite as nice.
Hair turbans stay neatly on your head and are more convenient than a big fluffy towel. If the turban gets sopping wet, that means it's doing its job! 
My parents taught me it's impolite to come to breakfast without a towel covering my wet hair. This turban is not only great at home, but also in college dorms.
This product works well, it takes a while to warm up but it can keep my feet nice and warm once it gets going.
Always saw them at the mall and wanted one, it was nice to be able to get it on here and not have to search, works great! feels wonderful!!! especially when you get that headache!!!, also doubles as a contemporary hat!! haha, love it
I love The Tingler! Each metal tip feels great.  I personally like the COPPER version a little better than the SILVER version.  It's a little gentler and softer but I know some people find it too soft and like the SILVER version instead.  Before the tingler, sometimes I would use one end of my glasses (the end that fits over the ear) but of course my glasses are fragil and I would risk damaging them.  It also feels really good on the back and actually all over, not just on the head
I am totally satisfied with thids product so far. Of course if the batteries run out of charge after a few charges I will be dissatisfied. I expect them to last tens of reusses if experience can be of any guideline
Great aerobic exerciser for the money and very lightweight.  Let cool down after using as metal does get a bit hot.  The plastic leg stoppers do stink a bit, yet the plastic will off-gas.  Works best on couch while watching TV/Movies.  For anyone who is disabled or uninspired to work out, I highly recommend this to help get you back into shape
I have fought with my naturally curly crazy hair for all of my life..I have tried more products that I care to mention..but I do love this product! It truly delivers what it promises...frizz free,loose, non-stiff curls!  I just get out of the shower, towel dry very lightly, put it on and voila! Makes my curls looks sexy!
I love this product.  Its the first one I've found where I can practically have wash and go curly hair.  Just put work it through damp hair and let it air dry or twist around fingers for defined curls
I'm sixty years old and I have been using this product for years. When I had my yearly physical the Doc ask me if I used anything because my skin looks so good. RoC delivers!!!
clothes are soft and smell great works just as good as any fabric softener out there and better for you, your family, and the enviroment
I just got my first case of this fabric softener last week and yesterday, I was walking downstairs when the smell of lavender hit me - I was surprised because I hadn't sprayed any lavender freshener in the air, when I realized that my boyfriend was doing a load of laundry.  Like Seventh Generation's lavender laundry detergent, I love this product - if you use them in tandem, not only do your clothes smell like *real* lavender (not the chemically-based smells of mainstream products), but they come out clean and soft.  I especially like the lavender smell for my sheets and blankets and it's gentle enough to use on my baby's clothes, too!  I love that it's made with natural products and real lavender essential oil.  It's also safe for my septic system, so I'm sold on this product.  If you're sensitive to the chemical-based scents of the mainstream fabric softeners or can't find one that smells good to you, try this one! 
This replaced a similar wrist cuff meter which I was not happy with.  The old meter would give very different readings on measurements made minutes apart.  This meter yields essentially the same numbers for second measurements.  Out of curiosity, I took it with me to my doctors office, used his large cuff (I have very large arms) and compared the readings to his equipment.  Total difference was about 3%, a quite acceptable tolerance for my home measurement.  Another reviewer was unhappy with the screen size and position on the bottom of the wrist.  If the unit is operated as shown in the instructions, the screen size and position are perfect, the unit is at heart level, and is quite easy to read.
Overall, for home use and serious data collection and blood pressure monitoring, I like this device
 I love the this set ,expecially the nail cutter, I,m still using mine after six years
I saw these here and ordered two pair to get the free shipping deal.  I should get a deal where I get a cut of the customers I send them because EVERY day I have my customers (several each day) ask me what's going on with my glasses and where did I get them.
I used to go through several pair of reading glasses a month.  Now I have had these two pair for ...gosh, It's got to be close to a year now!  They don't scratch, break, get lost, they're always right there.  I don't know how I did with out them for so long.
Get a couple of pairs you'll love them.  Oh, one thing when the ladies try them on thier hair doesn't always set right with the wrap around thingy.  But I don't know that this can't be overcome....so...something to consider
I have been using this attachment to my waterpik for gum disease for five years----it directs the medicine into the gum pockets easily and helps save me from really big bills at the periodontist.  It works for me, but needs to be used in conjunction with regular flossing, brushing, and generally good tooth care. 
I love this.  Everyone can have their own data and we can track our own progress.  It is very simple to use and the explanations are clear
Great enginering, design and craftmanship; works great every day; but I had to throw away a travel size "Waterpick" after 18 months, because it is impossible to obtain a replacement hose assembly from the manufacturer or anywhere else. It doesn't make any sense to supply an irreplaceable disposable part, on an equipment designed to outlast it three times
I use it for the water pic function in addition to the sinus rinse tool I purchased.  Works great!
This simple scale is light, easy to carry and store.
I tested it thoroughly when it arrived against my older dial scale. It read the same weight, but actually with less flucuation when I shifted on it. I was careful to keep it on a flat surface... I had good luck on old hardwood floors, less luck on our old bumpy tile floors in the bathroom.
It was very consistent on a level surface... I tested it several times in a row with the same reading, and various times throughout the day... nothing read unusually.
I really like the form factor of this scale. It's so small... Not small spacewise, but just thin, light, with a nice solid place to plant your feet
I'am very satisfied with the Vidal Sassoon hairdryer. There are 3 heat settings and tips in the enclosed booklet on how to use these settings. It is a little bulky but it doesn't take long to get used to a larger dryer. I would recommend this hair dyer
good shaver lots of battery life quick charge lots of trim setting and gives a good uniform cu
I bought this for my boyfriend and he uses it for his facial hair and to shave his head.  Its very easy to clean and does a great job
Very nice trimmer. My hat off to Remington. I have been using this trimmer on both my hair and beard. It words perfectly and is much better than changing spacers
This is the best and easiest to use back brush!  I have trouble reaching my back and washclothes just didn't do it but with this brush no more missed spots.  Just hang it up and it dries and is ready for the next time.  Never felt so clean
I rate this piece of equipment as 4 stars because I have not used it enough to know if it does everything it claims....however I have been amazed at how this little contraption does wonders on my back. 
When I first got this lumbar extender I set up up in about 2 seconds and then stretched backwards to lay on it. OMG, as I laid down it was like I couldn't even breath for a brief second. To actually feel my back being forced into shape nearly took my breath away as all the muscles were pushed around. I had to relax and it was amazing how sore the muscles in my back were from leaning over my computer at work. 
Having used it for about a month now, my back has started to feel much better and I am sleeping better too
For two years I suffered with four herniated discs.   Physical therapy, a spinal injection , chiropractic adjustments, and many sessions on a spinal decompression machine provided short term relief.  I started using the McKenzie Method extension exercises, and this offered the most relief.  Fortunately, I finally discovered the Lumbar Extender in an internet ad.  I noticed that it placed the spine in a similar position as the McKenzie exercises.  So, I decided to order the Lumbar Extender to determine if it would provide better relief than all the other methods I was using.  
The first two weeks that I used the Lumbar Extender, I had some minor discomfort.  Now after five weeks using the Lumbar Extender, I can honestly say that my back has not felt better in two years.  This device does all that it says it will do.  I actually enjoy lying on it for two seven-minute sessions each day-one session in the morning and one session at night.  
When I first used the device, I heard snapping noises in my lower back, probably the spinal facets being repositioned, and then I would experience immediate relief.  Now I feel as if I have better posture and better curvature to my lumbar region.  The cost of the Lumbar Extender is low compared to a visit to a doctor, and it is worth trying.  I highly recommend it
Since having back problems, especially waking up in the morning, this Lumbar Extender works wonders for my back. I can easily have a good start for the day from now on!!  Many thanks. B
     
THE BAD NEWS FIRST: DOESN'T SEEM TO WORK WELL WITHOUT ADDING EXTRA DETERGENT 
It seems like this is NOT 3x concentration, and like others we found we had to compensate by adding more detergent than the directions said to get the same results as we did with the standard formula. Otherwise, the two products, 'concentrated' and 'standard srength' are the same. 
MAKE NO MISTAKE ABOUT IT - THIS IS CONCENTRATED & COMES OUT LIKE HEINZ KETCHUP:
It does seem to be concentrated, and we did notice a certain amount of difficulty getting the detergent out of the bottle, kind of reminded us of Heinz ketchup.
4-STAR or 5-STAR PRODUCT? 
The standard strength product is clearly a 5-STAR product, however owing to the fact that this product does not work as well without adding more detergent than the direction claim, it rates 4-STARs with our family. 
TRYING TO LEARN OBJECTIVE INFO ON LAUNDRY DETERGENT IS WELL . . . . 
THE FOLLOWING IS TRUE OF THIS PRODUCT IN STANDARD STRENGTH or 3X WITH EXTRA DETERGENT ADDED: 
I am allergic to most laundry detergents, but this product has prevented severe discomfort for me for about 10 years. It is consistently among the lowest-priced detergents available. In addition to being very easy on clothes and skin, it does work quite well in the stain-removal department and can be used as its own presoak. This is good to know if you are like me and are trying to avoid allergens. It is important to remember that if you buy a hypoallergenic powder detergent instead of a liquid like this, you may have to pre-soak stains and you won't have a hypoallergenic liquid with which to do it. While "Tide" and "Cheer" are also available in hypoallergenic formulas,["Tide Free" is actually just unscented] they are considerably more expensive and work no better in my experience. That's why I like this "All Liquid Detergent - Free Clear, Laundry Detergent". 
OBJECTIVE INFORMATION IS TOUGH TO FIND! 
I actually did conduct a hard target search for true, objective information on laundry detergents. There is very little beyond which brand causes pollution which, while important, is not what I was trying to find. "Consumer Reports" does have test comparisons of the most popular brands in its monthly magazine every couple of years and they do include some detail. 
ABOUT "ALL'S WEBSITE" 
If you are looking for this product's website it is under "Unilever" and you will have to specify "USA" under products, as the word "ALL" will show up in almost every search result. You will find "WISK" and "BREYER'S ICE CREAM" and almost as many neat name brand products as you would at Procter and Gamble's site. 
[I AM NOT AFFILIATED WITH ANY PRODUCT OR COMPANY] 
It is not one of the stain removers , which instantly gets rid of the stain. 
So when you spill over something over your t-shirt, you got to spill this TIDE STAIN REMOVER on it as well so it does make sure that your cloth wouldnt be clogged with STAIN but its not an immedieate relief solution
I was 5 minutes early getting out of the house to go to work one morning so I decided I could stop by a coffee shop and get a mocha. On my way back to my car the mocha "splooshed" out of the sipping hole in the to-go lid and got all over my sweater...naturally, that day it was a white silk knit sweater. So I had these large dark brown coffee/chocolate stains, and a decision to make about whether to make myself extremely late to work by going home to change.
The cafe was next to a supermarket so I decided to go buy a Tide to Go pen and give it a try. I applied it as directed to the stain and immediately the stain lightened noticeably. I was a bit worried because after treatment there were still light tan stains visible, but after blotting the excess liquid and letting the sweater dry while wearing for about half an hour, there was no hint that any mocha had ever touched my sweater.
The cleansing agent also gets points for not damaging my silk sweater, despite the fact I was rubbing the product in fairly vigorously (out of desperation...I was going to be late for work!)
I'm not sure how it would work on other stains but I will keep one in my purse from now on. On the packaging it does identify which sorts of stains it works best on, and which it will be less effective on. From other reviews this will not work so well on some common food stains, so that's why I'm giving 4 stars and not 5.
Another minor concern is the warning about blotting the fluid if fabric will come into contact with direct sunlight. It doesn't say what will happen if you allow saturated fabric to see sunlight. Perhaps there is the potential for color/fabric damage
I can say before I started to use this product I was always afraid of wearing white clothings but Tide to Go has totally changed everything.  Initially I thought this was just a gimmick but I thought it was worth a try,...soo...I bought it with me during our two-week trip with my parents in August..and it came handy...My dad bought a brand new white jacket and had it put on immediately and then decided to drink a cup of coffee..unfortunately, he spilled the coffee on the white jacket when he tried to open the lid to put sugar in it...my mother immediately wiped the coffee off with napkins..the coffee stain, however, was still there...Then..I remember I had put a Tide-to-Go in my purse...I immediately used it on all coffee stains on the white jacket...and to my surpise, all the brown spots resulted from the coffee spill were GONE...amazing..I have used this on different kind of food stains.  I've used it on Coffee stain, spaghetti sauce stain, juice stain and they all worked.  My mother, my mother-in-law, and my sister-in law they were all so amazed at the result that they all asked me for one to carry with them.  Nowadays I don't leave home without one in my purse..I used to be afraid of wearing white clothings, I am no longer afraid of wearing whites because of Tide-to-Go..this is definitely a useful product to carry with you everywhere you go..oh..as far as the smell goes..The smell is bearable to me...and in order to use it you have to push it down to get the actual fluid to flow out through the tip of the Tide-to-Go marker.
This product is so good for you.  I sprinkle it on my cereal, salads, in yogurt, etx.  A nice nutty flavor.  And the health benefits are outstanding.   I highly recommend this product
The Satinelle Ice Epilator does exactly what it is supposed to do: remove hair quickly and efficiently by the root. What an advantage! Hair does not reappear as quickly as it does shaving, and when it does, it is not the sharp stubble that happens with shaving.
I don't think it hurts much, though some spots may be a bit more sensitive than others. The trick then is to simply lift it up off of the skin and stop momentarily. 
I am very happy with this product
I boutght this razor for my husband.  He likes it, but notes that it is hard to clean and does not get the longer whiskers, which he seems to miss a lot.  I think that if he shaved more carefully, he would get these whiskers before they get too long!  I think that for the price (lower end of price range), it does a pretty good job.  Next time, I'll buy him a more expensive one and hope that it performs better. 
This stuff is AWESOME for hangovers. It was like my high school staple! I mean, I went through like a box a week. At least give it a try
My husband tried this after I bought it and he loves it.  It is a great remedy for a hangover or even just a bad morning.  It is very hard to find in most drugstores.  Now I just buy it on the internet.  I've even recommended it to friends who now swear buy it
I love this product! I deal with a lot of stress (dont' we all) and was feeling edgy and nervous all the time. I couldnt' even enjoy my grandkids. Since I started taking Calm Advantage those feelings are gone and I can relax and enjoy life again. I would definately recommend it to anyone
Bought this for my husband who has a 2 hour (one way) commute by bus to work.  He loves it.  Now he can nap without waking up with a cramp in his neck.  It is very portable, with a small carrying case and is easy to blow-up.  A bargain for the price
This is a great iron for a starter, but will not do it like a stylist. I have had it for at least 2 years so it will last also. The price is a little bit to high I only paid $ 19.99 for it at Walmart.I know everyone has gotten used to shopping online because it is eay and always open, but I have to tell you that most of the things I have found on amazon are priced way to high. They used to be a great spot to get good stuff cheap but that is no longer true. I think it just kind of creeped up on us without us noticing what was going on. Please folks go back out in to the world and start looking you will see that I am not wrong
I have not try Proactive. The thought of buying something from an infomercial just doesn't sit well with me.  I, however, have tried many many products since my 20s till now (I'm 35). I spent thousands of dollars on expense department store's brands like Clarins, Seshiedo, Dior, Clinics, Chanel, and Prescriptives. I've also religiously go to my derma every three weeks for the past ten years to have facials, extractions, and chemical peels.  I tried perscription cream, oitments, pads, you name it (even thought of laser).  I have mild acne problem year round, and it only gets worst during that time of the month (that's when I'd run out and try new products).
Three days ago I bought the Zeno.  I'm going to return it.  It did nothing to me accept thought it would burn me.  I also bought AcneFree and today I went back and bought another package to put in my gym bag.  Three days now, I've noticed my skin cleared up! I'm amazed.  I'm not giving it a 5 star because my skin is not completely cleared.  I'll give it a try two more weeks and will update my rating if it improve.  So far AcneFree works for me
Great product, the girls had a blast with it.  Real easy to use and real easy to put the gems back in the jeweler once you take them out of your hair.  Great fun for girls who enjoy dressing up and getting bedazzled!  Although it kinds of pulls a piece of hair or two out when you try and slide them out of your hair.  Not all the time though.  Still a fabulous product.  Would highly recommend it.  My niece wishes it came with more gems
This is great-my daughter looks for reasons to use and wear the quick gems
These items are neat little towelettes that come in their own attractive and useful plastic container. They are very handy, and work wonders for insuring cleanliness. Personally, I sure wish I had had these when my first two children were small.
On the down side, flushing these things *can* result in plumbing problems, as I experienced. Apparently, if your sewer line is relatively new and clear, they should give you no problems. But, if your system has any place in it where things can collect, you will face problems. According to my plumber, toilet paper begins to break down quite quickly, but these towelettes can take over a month to do so. (My house was built in 1916!)
So, overall, I do like this product, and I recommend it. I just recommend that if you live in an older house, that you do not flush them
My hair gets weighed down very easily by finishing/smoothing products -- they will leave my hair looking flat and greasy instead of smooth. My hair is very fine, but also thick (which is very annoying). This finishing solution leaves my hair very smooth without weighing it down. It seems very expensive for such a small bottle, but a little goes a long way (I've had the same bottle for nearly a year and it's still not finished). Definitely spritz it into your hands and not directly into your hair because it does not disperse at all. The scent is very light and refreshing and not at all overwhelming.
Shaving cream in a tube is just about impossible to buy at retail outlets. This is a great product and I will continue to buy it through Amazon
There is no better shaving cream. I am disappointed you are out of stock
It doesnt quit dark circles, but helps against wrinkles while it is on your face
i tried all the possible creams on the market, cheap and expensive, for my dark circles but this is the only one that worked imediately. i cannot live without it, this is a keeper. it stings a little bit, not all the time but it does. it says that it should only be used twice a day but if i've had a really tiring week and i'm in a rush to look good i use it up to five six times a day, just a tiny film and with 2 hours between them. i guarantee that in three days you'll not recognize yourself(in a good way). very important: it tends to dry the skin under the eyes very much so be sure to aplly after a very good cream( i use pure chamomile cream)and leave it over night. well, follow my recipe and you'll shine fast, you'll see
For any one who loses their reading glasses or doesn't know where to put them these glasses work great.  The magnet is strong and the glasses comfortable.  This is especially true on the beach.  They are what they claimed to be
These seem to be an excellent product.  There is little or not leakage.
The wipes were a nice treat
I ordered these disposable pampers for my son.  They are great.  I ordered them and recieved free 2 day shipping
These are by far the BEST newborn size diapers especially for small babies, but if you order them through Amazon, your baby may outgrow them before they even arrive!  I waited 5 weeks then cancelled the order and ordered size 1, which Actually arrived in a few days!
Update: I have ordered Pampers again through Amazon (different size) and they shipped right away
I lost six pounds in eleven days.  I started out taking one-half pill in the morning and one-half in the afternoon.  I was wary of any reaction.  I now take one pill in the morning and one in the afternoon.  That's enough for me.  I have a lot more energy and am motivated to exercise.  No side effects whatsoever.  My problem was the munchies at night watching TV -- and that craving is gone.  I highly recommend this product
Read the reviews and picked the elephant for my 17m old child's nusery. I absolutely love it. Before this, my son could not sleep well with our "family's" humiifier because it was too noisy. Within an hour of bringing this home, it was set up (very easily) and he took one of many 2 1/2 hour naps that week! No filters, No noise, NO PROBLEMS thus far! I did have it on high for the first 20 mins and found a puddle of water underneath, but the humidifier was near a window, and i am asumming there was a draft that may have directed the steam toward the dresser top. (The problem was resolved once moved unto a different surfacetop) Filling it is a snap and the very fine mist (looked like small stream of fog) was a pleasure to see out of the trunk of the animal! The tank seems to last longer than the box states. It is on it's third day on a low/med setting and it still only has a 3 inch difference at the top. I love the safety features and I don't have to worry about the tank still on if it's empty since it has an automatic shut off! The light is not a problem since he likes to have a tiny bit of light in his room. It is a design that will last thoughout his childhood! Thank you Crane!
That's the only way I can rate this product. If it taste great, then it gets a high rating from me
It seems to be doing the job....my next dental check will tell. It's a little awkward at first getting used to the brush (quite a bit different from the conventional brush); and I think though they tell you to hold the handle with two fingers only (thumb and forefinger) that you do have to tilt the brush a little to get the gumline. And I still do find a little tartar on my teeth. So, you decide
great tooth brush.my dentist said my gums and teeth have never looked bette
It takes some getting used to, but once you do you will love it.  It leaves my teeth cleaner than any toothbrush, electric or other, that I have ever used.  You feel at first like it is totally strange (it is!).  Doesn't take more than a few times using it to realize that it's a great concept and so much faster than anything else.
I have no buyers remorse.  I Just wish that changing the brushes on it were simpler so one brush could be shared with another person.  You really are best to have one per person with this one since changing the brush a lot is a hassle
I bought one of these to squeege the water out of my past-shoulder-length hair.  It works great!  I gotta admit, it's just big enough for my head and I have a teeny little cranium so normal adults would probably prefer to buy the "extra large" size towel (which isn't really all that large.
THese are marvelous!!  I had gotten a different style last February for mothers,,these adventure towels are great for the dorm and college kids...I love the snap strap and the pouch.  Now all of my children want them, too!!  Also love the up to date colors!
This water jet is excellent.  It allows you to have a separate chamber for water and mouthwash.  It also comes with different attachments for your gums, teeth and tongue.  Excellent product at an excellent price
i have used this supplement for more than five years at the suggestion of a herbalist.  i have never felt better.  not only does it seem to help keep those colds away, it seems to keep me more health feeling and less tired
I AM VERY SATISFIED WITH MY PURCHASE OF THE WOODEN FOOT ROLLER MASSAGER. IT GIVES YOU A RELAXED FEELING FOR SORE AND TIRED FEET.I DISCOVERD THAT IF YOU TURN IT ON THE OTHER SIDE, YOU CAN ALSO USE IT ON YOUR ARMS AND LEGS BY HOLDING IT
I got this for my daughter for Christmas.  She loves it. She is able to do her nail easily.  The nail attachments work really well and strong, the only thing the attachments for callous do not really work that well they have to be at a certain angle and work so so, but the rest of the attachments are excellent certainly worth the price for those alone.Compact size, easy to store and quick charge time
These are great for those days you just want to sit in the sun and read without sun glare. Great product
Upon recommendation from other consumers, I purchased these rollers. I travel a great deal for my job and get-aways with my husband . The rollers heat up well and are compact. I just keep them in my suitcase all the time so I'm ready to go 
My husband is very pleased with his "self-cleaning" razor, although he didn't like the idea of having to keep purchasing the cleaning solution packs. It's an excellant appliance
I purchased this for my husband. He hates to shave everyday and now he can without the razor burn. It is even as close a shave as if he used a razor! I saw it on the Consumers Number One pick for foil shavers and I am glad I went with their reccomendation
I bought this razor over a year ago, and I wouldn't trade it in for any other razor out there. It really does leave your skin super smooth. I love the triple blades on it so I know I can get a close, comfortable shave, even in hard to reach places. Thanks to the pivoting head, it moves with the curves of your legs without the worries of getting cut. It's also excellent for shaving the underarm area. I find that one stroke is all it takes, and you have a smooth appearance you have to feel and see to believe. This is truly a remarkable product for the women out there who are tired of shaving every other day, or more than three times a week. With this razor, it shaves so close to the hair follicle, you will be shaving in less time, less often. I will never part with my Venus razor. The best part is - it's a bargain for what you get!
When I found out that Contradiction was no longer going to be sold in the US I thought I would never find this again. It's my boyfriend's favorite cologne and I was determined to find it. Thanks to Amazon, he has his sexy scent back. lo
Best hair dryer ever. I have long, thick, curly, frizzy hair and after just drying my hair for less then 10 minutes with the Conair 213X, my hair is shiny and soft. The diffuser is also amazing; I can wear my hair naturally without any frizz. 
By far the best dryer out there in this price range. Granted, it's heavy, but it cuts my drying time in half and I don't have to style after drying which is another plus! It has a warm heat setting which is awesome and what could make it prettier than the Rhinestones?
I purchased this hairdryer after my professional Conair Yellowbird from the late 70's broke.  I definitely wanted another Conair and I wanted to move into the 21st Century!  I did the research and this hairdryer had the most features for the best price.  I wasn't disappointed.  As the other reviewers have stated, this hairdryer dries your hair in half the time!  It's also nice to reduce the static in your hair when you want to freshen up and are "dry brushing" your hair.  It does draw a lot of power when on high heat and the highest blowing setting and the lights in my dressing room will dim.  Otherwise, it is very solidly built and I hope to have this hairdryer for another 30 years.
Oral B has always been top notch for me and this 8900 DLX is just fantastic.
My teeth are so bad the Dentist always called me the plaque king  lol
but after 6 months on this I went to the next cleaning and they saw a huge improvement.
He calls me by my name now thanks to this product haha 
I have been putting this thing to the test for about a year now and I love it...I keep it on the spinning setting which really works well.
do remember that if you turn it on without it in your mouth, you spray water everywhere and the spin setting really makes a fine mist with some power but its still a top notch product.
thanks Oral B!!
This is a great product. a friend told me about it. i finally decided to get one. i had bleeding gums. in two weeks of regular use, bleeding has stopped and i can see that my teeth is getting whiter and and my gums are great. just be careful when using the water jet side. you must turn it on with the flossing part in your mouth, or it will spray all over the place :
Great and accurate.  It is a pleasure to use.
Best monitor available
I have dry, course hair that certainly gets even drier in the Colorado climate. I have used this product on and off for 10 years and just love the way it defines and adds shine to my hair. I can see if you had fine hair that this product would not be a good thing! I always have to remember that it's the anti-humectant that I like, not the humectant. The humectant version does nothing for my hair and I have purchased it on occasion by mistake. 
This stuff smells great too! Makes styling a snap
I am very happy with the Emjoi Compact Epilator that I purchased.  It does exactly what it claims to do and works wonderfully. Until I asked a salon for advice on the best way to remove unwanted facial hair, I didn't even know something like this exhisted.  I just wish I would have known about this product years ago.
A. Davis
Very classy scent. Very strong. Spray sparingly, a little goes a long way. Lasts all day. Will receive many compliments
I purchased this for my wife for Christmas and she loves it...as do I.  It isn't too 'perfume-y' and smells terrific
Exactly what I wanted... works perfectly... The flosser at the bottom the head of the toothbrush is great at getting between the teeth.  Charges quickly and is convien
I use this with my m3 turbo and some Kiehl's Closeshavers Squadron Ultimate Brushless Shave Cream White Eagle for my daily morning shave. It's the best combination for thick tough stubble.
I got this for my husband for Christmas. I had seen it in magazines but it was expensive for this product, I thought. I was so excited to find it on Amazon and he just LOVES it. He shaves in the shower and the mirror never fogs. It's a great product
I looked long and hard for a heating pad that did not need plugging in or hot water poured into it. This is perfect - just zap it for two minutes in the microwave and set it where the you need it...ahhhh! Pure happiness!
A definite must have
I like this cutter. I can use it by itself or with its accessaries. Even when the batteries are low I can still nip those little overnight hairs. Works for me!
Easy to use. Short time to recharge the baterie. Long life batery and it is appropriate o sensitive skin
This booster cushion that you fill with water works very well in the spa.  It is comfortable to sit on and saves wear on bathing suits.  You need to put in in the spa while it is heating otherwise it is cold to sit on.  It is a good product. 
I've been using Nicads for long, long time and while in some applications the alkaline might last somewhat longer... the money saved after just a couple of recharges is worth the extra expense of buying twice as many as one needs and just keep on recycling the batteries from flash units, GPS, walkie-talkie's, flashlights, etc.    HOWEVER, these newer NiMH are just great. no memory shelf and longer current life.  NiCADS and ALkaline 4 stars these do get a 
These batteries work well.  They don't last as long as normal batteries, but the ability to recharge them makes them more than worth the additional costs.  If you have kids with toys, these are a must
what a sinfully awsome tasting way to get rid of chapped lips
I was looking for a towel that would dry me quickly and this towel did just that.  It also dried completly by the next time I needed to use it.  I would recommend it to anyone looking to get out of the bathroom faster.  It is not soft and cozy but it does the job
I bought this for my aged Mom after she confessed that the big plush expensive terry towel I'd bought her was just too heavy for her to handle.  She *adores* the microfiber towels I got her!  They are light for her weak arms, they are so very absorbent that one or two passes gets her dry and that's particularly important with the delicate skin of the elderly.  Not to mention that I, a hearty creature in my prime, love these towels too! I shall be buying more of various styles and colors
Just as it advertised, it is soft and dries up hair and body quickly.  I bought it because it was on sale and thought why not try it out, well, I am sold on this product.
Only drawback now is the high price tag..
I love this item. I received it as a gift and now use it every single day. My hair dries so much faster after having been wrapped up in this. That's great b/c now I do not have to blow dry as much, so my hair seems to be getting a lot healthier. Only complaint would be that it does not stay wrapped very well. Not sure if it's the material or the size, but nonetheless, it still works great.
I got this unit as a gift from my boyfriend.  High blood pressure runs in my family so I wanted to get a monitor to keep track.  I was figuring on getting an arm unit, but when I got this wrist unit I wanted to see how it would work.  The whole system is very easy to use and fast.  You need to be sitting and resting to take the reading, but is happens quickly and then it stores all the results for you.  I didn't think I would really use the memory function but it has come in pretty handy.  I can say this was a great gift, something I use a lot, and something that will help me stay healthy
I purchased this for use in my bathtub.  It is more comfortable than the blow-up ones and stays cleaner. 
I used to have some Remington shaver that a friend bought me for the last 5 yrs.  It wasn't bad, but sometimes it irritated the skin.  my first shaver was my dad's old school norelco shaver so i thought i'd give them a try again.  the first one i got from amazon was $40 (i forgot the model #) and ended up sending it back to norelco for their 60 day guarantee.  it was just alright.  this one i feel about the same way.  i mean it shaves decently, but as an asian male with not much facial hair, i still see that i have to shave every couple days which i prefer not to.  the cleaning system is cool, and the fact that this shaver is so easy to clean (it says you can open it up and run it under water which i've been doing to clean it) make it worthwhile to me though.  the battery life is also good.  if there was a half star system, i'd give this shaver a 4.5/5
I have been using this shaver for 2 weeks now and have not had any problems with it. It is easy to use and clean I have only had to charge it once so far. Even though this is my first electric shaver, it is a good deal for the money. It doesn't shave as close as a razor but it's close. I would recommend it or give it as a gift. 
My husband is in love with this razor!  He thought he was a Norelco-only fan, until I bought him this model for Christmas.  I purchased it due to the great reviews it received, both from consumers and independent reviewers, and also b/c it cost less than $40.  It leaves his face so smooth, whether he shaves daily or skips a couple of days.  In fact, he can finally shave the hairs on his upper neck without getting razor burn.  Highly recommended
My wife and I both love this. In our opinion the thicker plastic tines offer a more comfortable and pleasurable "head trip" than the trippers one might find in the mall. The vibrations make it better than the non-vibrating head trippers but are not overwhelming.
Another benefit of this particular device is that it is able to be completely disassembled and packed to be taken with you on travelsor on vacations. 
It's a pretty simple device, sold at a reasonable cost, and in my opinion is a better implementation than the metal ones
ALso bought as a gift but I tried it! Very relaxing and much more affordable than the ones you see in the mall
A very gentle undereye cream.  I have used other name brands which extensively irritated my eyes and made them tear all the time.  This one is definitely a keeper
It is a great product and makes my husband's face as smooth as a baby's you know............................
Tastes better than most candy bars and has no refined sugar or artificial ingredients
Very good; very satisfying.  Interesting blend of flavors--dried fruit, cocoa, chili.  Nothing dominates - all the flavors are well balanced to make it interesting to eat.  I couldn't eat one every day, but for an occasional meal replacement, it is very good.  Too high calorie to be a snack item, but it's tempting
 I AM VERY PLEASED WITH THE LIGHT OUTPUT.  I PURCHASED THEM TO LIGHT THE INSIDE OF MY CHILDS PLAYHOUSE.  THEY REALLY ILUMINATE THE INSIDE AS BRIGHT AS A STANDARD LIGHT BULB.  I PURCHASED A COUPLE OF YEARS AGO AN EARLIER TYPE LANTURN BY RAYOVAC AND WAS REALLY PLEASED WITH IT ALSO.
I've tried all kinds of bibs, but nothing works better than Pampers Bibsters.  Right size, great pocket to catch crumbs, covers my 18 mth old, soaks up spills. I use them full time, not just on the road. 
I have been using Kiss My Face olive oil soap for years, and I won't let any other soap touch my face! I found it when I was searching for a soap that wouldn't make my skin itch all over after a shower. I can tell you that after years and years, my sensitive skin has never once itched after I used KMF!
The soap is mild, with a neutral scent, which is a big plus. It cleans great, but doesn't leave my skin dried out. The 8 ounce bars are a bit large, but worth the wait until they shrink down to a size that's easier for us smaller-hands people
I recieved my product in a reasonable amount of time and I am happy with the product.
I got what I expected. It's functional and not too poorly made. The only problem I had was that the scratcher part was a little too sharp. I filed the sharp edges off and now it's great. The rolling wheels still have no function for me, but they don't get in the way
I ordered this as a gift and it arrived in less than a week... with their standard shipping! The produict was exactly as described. Shalimar is a classic
As expected, the new 7180XL razor delivers a close and comfortable electric shave, even though it runs much slower than earlier models.  The slow speed does make it very quiet and the new cleaning method is very handy.  Just 2 noticable disappointments:
1.  The external power supply is a rather combersome change from former Norelco products.
2.  The exclusion of a storage case is certainly an unwelcome "feature" of an otherwise good product at a premium price
Very light electric razor.  Cuts shaving time from 10 minutes down to 3 minutes.  So a charge for 30 minutes of shaving time easily lasts a week.  When running it is as quiet as an old fashioned blade.  Does a great job very quickly and smoothly.  You don't need anything more
I've owned several Norelco Shavers in the past but the 7180XL is definitely the best.  This shaver is extremely light weight, quiet and gives an extremely close/smooth shave. I find that I get 5 days of shaves on one full charge and a full charge takes about 50 minutes to complete. The shaver is also easy to clean using either wet or dry methods.
The only complaint I have about the shaver is that no traveling case/pouch holder comes with it to hold the cord,shaver and cleaning brush. Just make sure you keep your old case holder from your previously owned shaver(s). Only time will tell on how this model will hold up. My 4 previous Norelcos have averaged around 5-6 years each
I bought this rechargeable shaving system for my husband for Christmas.  It was a replacement of a corded shaver he had been using.  He has been enjoying the features offered by this device.  He especially likes the ability to rinse it out after each use.  It gives a close shave and has a quick charge feature that allows you to charge it for a few minutes and gives at least two shaves.  He has used the razor for about two weeks now with no complaints.  It was a great price for a quality product
I Luv this Burberry. Pple always comment anytime I wear it. My girlfriend almost made me stop wearing it cos she said anytime I wear it she feels like doing things I can't mention here 2 me, and since she feels tht way, other women will certainly feel like tht.
I'm getting another one!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Also fast and proper services by amazon
I purchased this for my husband as a gift without ever having smelled it.  I based my purchase on other reviews, and the fact that I have the Burberry classic for women and love it.  I crossed my fingers and hoped that the reviews were right.  Well, they were!  When this came in I could not resist; I had to open the box.  I pulled the outer wrapping back, carefully pulled the box out (I was able to replace all this without hubby knowing), sprayed some into the air, and "ahhhh", wonderful!  I loved it!
It smells wonderful on my husband, too.  It's kind of woodsy, but not overpowering at all.  It's a classic, warm fragrance, and it lasts a long time. I will definitely buy this again
Clean and Crisp. Defined and Smooth.
I use Burberry by Burberry for all occassions but it is great for the evening. IT has woodsy notes that remind me of autumn.
I am very picky about my fragrances and I only use two regularly -- Eau d'Issey by Issey Miyake is my main scent, but I do use Burberry sometimes on occassion and I love it. Thats it
This toilet paper will never feel like the cozy stuff that blocks the toilet on a regular basis, but it is a product that feels somewhat better than varieties you find in many public toilets. I am willing to compromise a tiny bit of plush, and save all the hours spent attached to toilet plungers. I do concern myself with any chemicals that are placed into a product that makes it "rapid-dissolve", and will in time, try an environmentaly friendly brand. A great option for family with kids who know no limits for toilet paper usage, and ignore the presence of a plunger
If you live in an old building where the toilet is always getting clogged by your abundant use of regular toilet paper, then this is the brand and variant you should switch to. 
If I were to objectively judge it by what it promises (rapidly dissolves...), I'd have to give it five stars. It practically melts as soon as it touches water. Don't expect to be able to use it for mopping water off the sink; you'll just end up with a mess of dissolved tissue.
I'm giving it only four stars, because it's not my favorite toilet paper (that would be Charmin Ultra), but the necessary choice.
I use this product all the time.  It was becoming hard to find in department stores, but I found it available and cheaper online.  I'm very happy.
I love this product and the lasting results. It is so gentle on my hair. I bought two, one being a Christmas present for my neighbor who had recently had a very bad perm, and she agreed, makes the set last while not futher damaging your hair. 
If you are sleeping in curlers, sleep no more. This product is for you
I ALWAYS HAVE PURCHASED CARUSO STEAM ROLLERS BUT WHEN I PURCHASED THEIR NEW IONIC ROLLER SET IT LASTED I WEEK AND IT WAS ALMOST 3 TIMES THE MONEY OF THE VIDAL SASSOON. THIS IS THE BEST!
First off, IGNORE Renee's rating, this woman has ISSUES!!!!!!
This toothbrush works great! Would Highly recommend.
I love this toothbrush, its easy and it really imporoves your gum health
Yes, I did feel a difference.  Benadryl is not effective for me so I was sceptical. I am glad I found this . I use for when I need to sleep in an unfamiliar place
This is a really good supplement to help you regulate your sleep pattern.
People please grow up and stop using this Amazon review site to post useless nonsense...go BLOG somewhere else
This was a gift . It came on time and was half the price of one we had looked at . So we were happy 
I really do love this item. I've been using it without fail since the day it arrived. I haven't had any significant problems with it and highly recommend it for anyone. I hated wearing the chest strap on my other monitor.
The only problem I have found is that I can't grip things and have the monitor continue working. So when I am lifting weights I have to leave that finger extended, when I'm using the eliptical trainer I have to leave that finger extended. Now that I'm used it, it isn't a big deal.
It is accurate. So far it has agreed with all other monitors that I've checked it against. So with the one minor exception I highly recommend it
i like guru because it has a more natural feeling towards your body. after drinking monster all day, my body felt like a mess(from the many unnatural chemicals it does to your body).  There are so many energy drinks out there that have loads of chemicals, its harder to find stuff like guru and bawls. 
Having tried most all Energy drinks, I can honestly say this one is different. Guru picks me up gradually yet does not drop me down as though my wings have been clipped. One at noon and I'm good to go for the rest of the day. Plus, I don't go home and kick the dog!
The taste is not Sugary and at about $1.40 a can (Free Shipping) the price speaks for itself
I was reluctant to buy this after reading that it wasn't so great on fine hair, but my son's hair was really getting shaggy and I was *NOT* going to wrestle with him at the barber shop again. So I bought this and was so happy when it worked perfectly on his hair. I used the 1 inch guide for his whole head and he looks great! The vacuum got all the hair which is a good thing, because I cut his hair wherever he happen to be in the house. He didn't have to stop what he was doing and sit still or wear a cape, which he hates. 
Having his hair cut at home also allowed him to get familiar with the trimmer--what it sounds like, and feel like-- in his own time and environment. He cut his stuffed bear's hair first, then daddy's, then his own by himself and then let me cut his. What a relief to have a nice haircut and no kicking or screaming. 
At $25, it has already paid for itself. I'm so glad I bought it. I didn't give it 5 stars, because it is pretty loud and  had a really crappy users manual.
Bought this for use by my husband while he was in a nursing home and I used it to shave and cut his hair with while he was there, no hair on him or pillows or sheets.  This is wonderful for anyone that does not want a mess while trimming or cutting hair, I also used it on the tougher part of his beard.  Wonderful item
it does a great job, i just tought it woundn't let any hair go, but i gess that's impossible
This unit has the power transformer at the wall socket end instead of in the handheld part. The handheld part is mostly made of plastic. So, it's pleasantly light to hold, much lighter than my Wahl homecare thing.
The supplied guard things (that you swap to change length, etc.; IIRC they range from 1/8" to 1") have a curve on the bottom so it's easier to have them glide over concave surfaces instead of digging the pointed end into them. This also makes things more pleasant.
Don't believe the no-mess story, though. It really does catch most of the hair, so it's certainly worthwhile, and it's easy to empty the hair trap, but I still have to vacuum the remainder afterwards. It doesn't catch it all
The product does what it says it cuts your hair and contains it all in a vacuum container
I have gotten numerous compliments on this eau de toilette.  It has a light, almost woodsy smell.  Reminds me of a laid back saturday at the country club or something.  Classy yet sporting
I bought this product because I had one from years ago that I use when I go to the gym but lost.  It's great at drying me off while i'm working out and yet the towel isn't wet.  I am conflicted though.  I bought this one when I lost the one I already had.  It's a bit thinner and not the same deminsion as the original, but I still like it for what it does.  I also like the little bag that it comes in, which I didn't have with the original one
After looking into several reviews on blow dryers, I learned about the Revlon Tourmaline.  All of the reviews were so positive.  I've been suprised at how light the dryer is and how easy the controls are.  The placement couldn't be better on the controls. The price was right as well!  Blow dryers in this class are generally much more expensive.  A very good value
Fast, gentle, light, hair dryer.  No frizz, quick drying results.  The diffuser attachment is rather large and hard to pack into a small travel bag but gives good gentle air. The dryer is very light to hold and has a cold setting to finish the job.  The motor can be rattling and rather loud but over all performance is excellent for daily use.  Don't waste your money on the expensive ones
Very convenient reading glasses. You could hang them on your neck when not using them, and not even notice they are there. They are very sturdy, and are flexible making them almost imposible to break.
Cons: Both sets I purchased I notice them to be on the narrow side. They sometimes can feel too tight to the side of your face. 
The glasses are also not practicable to wear for a person with long hair, as the glasses would trap your hair against your face
I use these glasses all the time at work.  They sure are handy.  Glad I bought them
I bought this item last month from Amazon.com for $149. I thought it is using some kind of hand-like massage motors, and not those vibration motors. When the item arrived and I setup, I found out they are using the vibration motors! A little disappointed I am. But I use it, it is not bad if you don't mind the vibration motors. The heat feature is great. However, the knod that is supposed to hold the sitting position isn't holding well. The leather-like material really feels like a lether. The vibration really vibrates the whole floor, so I suggest to put on carpetted areas only. I personally like the hand-like massage chair better. But this $149 chair is worth the price. Others would sell for over $300
I have owned many beard trimmers, but this is by far the best. 
This model was given to me as a gift almost two years ago.  I bought another off of Amazon because the recharge cord had a short in it, and I figured I could use a second one to keep in my travel bag.  I'd have to say I'm pretty pleased with the trimmer.  I like the fact that the guard slides up and down to the appropriate setting instead of me having to keep up with 4 or 5 individual plastic guards that have to be changed out when I want to change the trimming depth.  I use it a few times a week, and it seems that it can go for months without needing a charge.  The little vacuum that sucks the trimmings into the little holding area is not the strongest....It's catches probably 70% of what I trim.  You'll want to be sure you're standing over a sink or towel when using it.  Well worth the $30 I spent for this grooming tool
I've had several trimmers over the years and this one is by far the best.  Strong motor, easy adjust, strong vacuum.  Other reviewers commenting on the flimsy guard is kinda suprising to me.  One wouldn't want to push down hard against the face when trimming a beard.... the idea is to glide the unit over your beard... you're not raking, you're trimming!
Also the unit is easy to clean out after use.  The waste receptacle snaps out easily, as does the cutter head in order to shake out or brush out debris
These are the best nursing pads out there. I tried several others that would not stick and would leak. I've never had any problems with these
This was the first brand of nursing pads I tried.  My first few weeks of nursing were very painful and these pads were a bit scratchy.  Yet after trying several brands of nursing pads, I came back to Lansinoh.  They are the most absorbent and discreet disposable pad out there and after I had been nursing for a while they ended up being the most comfortable. The best deal I have found has been amazon's price for 3 boxes. 
This is such a great product for nursing moms. It is not bulky and is reliable to keep leaks from happening. For a mom, this was a lifesaver for me to allow me to go outside without being embarassed by having a wet shirt
I have tried the gerber nursing pads, and one other brand.  These nursing pads are the best. I have a large supply of milk but I have not leaked through these pads, they are also very soft and they are not visible through your clothing
It is nice if you are looking for a simple hair dryer. It does its job pretty nicely. The dual voltage option is a plus as you can use it anywhere in the world. A little big for travelling, but compromises with its folding handle and light weight. The disadvantage is that you cant use it on the high in 240 voltage. It is hard because you might tend to put it on high and then that would kill the equipment
It's small, folds down and is great to pack for a trip instead of your big hair dryer.  I just wish you could set it on cool and blow as fast cuz it does get pretty hot.  Very convenient item if you travel
great help in dental hygene, gets in hard to reach spots,also a lot easier than flossin
These little flosser tips put an end to my problem with bleeding gums.  Flossing with traditional floss hurt because I always cut myself and deeply.  It probably saved me from serious gum disease, and that I understand is expensive to treat, so I'd rather put out a few dollars rather than a few thousand dollars in keeping teeth and gums healthy
I'm more than satisfied with this scale.  I was concerned that I would have to buy a more expensive scale to get good accuracy (see reviews of other digital scales in this price range,) but I've tested it several times over several days, and my weight varies by 2 pounds or less over the course of the day.  My first weigh-in of the day is pretty much the same as previous mornings, sadly.
The neutral color (grey) and glass would blend in well with just about any decor, and the LCD screen is easy to read, with 1.5 inch high numbers.
The only thing I don't like about it is that it creaks quite a lot when I step on it, even though I'm nowhere near its 330 pound maximum load.  That problem is in my head more than in the scale: I don't think it's going to break, but it sounds like I've got two people standing on it at once--I'm not THAT fat, am I?
An added feature is that when I'm craving, I go into the bathroom and look at it, and know that it isn't going to fall for any of my excuses tomorrow morning.  So the last piece of cake still sits in the fridge.  The scale has intimidated me into not eating it.
Accurate, easy to read, easy on the eyes, and intimidating--I think it's a good deal
It is really great!!!  Sure, it does hurt, but not any more than waxing.  I do not shave because I get cut very easily.  This is a great alternative to expensive waxing.  Even when I have more hair it works.  I would buy this product again, and again
I recently purchased this lumbar support cushion as a gift for my father this past Christmas.  I am a physical therapist, and have over 5 years of experience dealing primarily with the mechanics and mechanisms of low back pain and disc dysfunction.  I have tried out many cushions over the years, and from my experience, this product is as good as any higher-priced product of the same intent.  The composite board insert allows for a consistent shape to be maintained, so the cushion does not yield as easily to body weight over years of consistent use, and the burgundy cover is removable and washable.  It is also an excellent size for the average-sized person (my dad is approximately 5'9", ~170 lbs.).  It provides good side-bolster support as well for an added feeling of comfort around the outiside of the lower back.  I highly recommend this cushion when placed in comparison of other similar products.  Most of the other products out there that are in contention with this one are composed of unnecessary additives, like a massager, ribbing on the contours of the cushion, etc.  I've found that simply maintaining good posture (not only in sitting, but all activity) allows for so much more freedom from pain and simple ease back into daily life.  Again, I highly recommend this product to anyone out there searching for an answer to help alleviate low back pain; however, I must caution that commercial products are NOT a cure-all to one's problems.  It's always possible to alleviate the pain and symptoms, but other steps are necessary in terms of FIXING the problem.  I highly recommend seeking out professional care from a physical therapist, as it is more than likely necessary that one would need (at least) proper education and intevention to help one to get better. 
I've tried several lumbar cushions from Amazon and this one is the most comfortable, despite being so inexpensive.
I only wish it didn't have the "wings" on the side
I have been looking for a overbed table so that I could use my laptop and watch tv in the bed room. And this is the one I have been looking for. 
It takes about 15 mins for me to put it all together. Did not have any problem at all
Safari by Ralph Lauren for Women is the only Eau De parfum my niece uses. After she discovered Safari she gave away her collection of purfumes. I usually try to find Safari for her birthday every year.
This is a good little product. Did not expect much, but in fact it helped me relax and fall asleep and stay asleep. - thank
I bought this after using the inexpensive Wahls for years.  I love it for several reasons:
1) It cuts without pulling on your whiskers
2) It is very precise
3) It picks up 90% or more of your whiskers
4) Not only do you not have the hair in the sink, but you no longer feel like it will take a shower to get all of the excess hair out of your beard, if there is any to speak of
5) Unlike others, I did not feel the need to have a more precision tool to trim my mustache.  It worked just fin
I had bought a Tingler elsewhere for $20, plus shipping, so when I saw this one advertised for $9, I was a bit hesitant that it wasn't the real Tingler, but a cheap knock-off (especially since they show no picture). BUT, I decided to risk it and was pleasantly surprised to find out that it is not only the real Tingler, it is also shipped in a pretty velvet pouch for wonderful gift-giving. Amazon, of course, also offers free shipping for $25 or more, so I bought 3 and got them all shipped free! Great deal! And, by the way, it IS incredible! It really did send little shivers down my spine the first few times I used it. While you sort of get used to the feeling after a while and the little shivers may disappear, it still feels fabulous on your head
Bought this razor and happy with it so far.  It shaves close and is not as loud as I expected.  Glad I bought this one
Like the razor - I have problems with ingrown hairs on my neck and this shaver has helped to alleviate the problem - the Nivea lotion is very soothing.  I have had to live with the fact that the shave on my neck is not the closest in the world but c'eat la vie.  I have taken to running a couple of passses dry to get a fairly close shave and then starting to apply the lotion as I continue.  If you start with the lotion you won't get a close shave.  I do wonder if one couldn't simply buy a shaver ad apply some lotion at the end for the same affect
I never thought the world would get here.  I am actually spending time to type up a review, online, for shaving lotion.
Well, here you go:  for every man out there who is interested and who has ever used an electric shaver, if you haven't tried the Norelco Cool Skin electric shaver with this lotion, you have to.  Whoever has sensitive skin, you need to switch to this, because it does a great job.  That's all I have to say and I won't waste anymore time
Forget the liquids and throw away lens tissues. This cloth works exceptionally well on my camera lenses. I highly recommend it, and am buying a couple more, for my car glove compartment for sunglasses and my computer screen.
A lot of work when into making this cloth, excellent for cleaning lenses of all kinds: glasses, video and digital cameras, etc. If you care about your lenses health, this is the cloth to buy, congrats 3M
... I purchased this item to remove some debris off my camcorder lens and found it to do the job very nicely.
The microfiber texture feels nice - a little beady, but soft and textured.
Using it was easy, I just wiped the lens in a circular fashion with light pressure and eventually the debris was gone. (some fingerprints and what appeared to be a scratch but wasn't)
The packaging is a little subpar though. It comes in a plastic bag which you tear open at the bottom to slide the cloth out. However doing so leaves adhesive residue, which the cloth then sticks to and you have to tear it off, making those sections of the cloth appear phyically different - a bit roughed up I'd say. This is poor design as the packaging says to store the cloth inside the bag when not in use to avoid contamination, so I used a scissor to cut the bottom of the bag with the adhesive residue off.
I've yet to machine wash it, but so far it works well. It's just a cheap lens cleaning cloth after all
this edger is a perfect match with the wahl beard mustache trimmer. You can do a real professional job with these two items.
               Robert paul Jone
After total knee replacement, this wedge sure helped to keep my knee in one place and elevated, while preventing me from moving too much while I slept or was resting.
Highly recommended
Just received it and used it and can only say it is the Greatest Shaver EVER !!!!!!!!!
 The closest Shave, No Razor Burn, Fastest shave Yet And very quite.
 Thank You Norelco for this Great Saver. J
I've been using 2 of these batteries in my walkman for 10 hours now and they are still going very strong.  It's living up to its reputation as described so far.     
Heats up quickly. Tends to dry out more than previous CHI flat iron I had. MUCH more economical
This is the second Aquis Microfiber Body towel I have purchased.  The waffle weave makes a huge difference.  I had a plain microfiber towel and it just didn't feel like a towel.  The Aquis towel has a real towel feel, dries me off  great and then dries out quickly.  I keep it in my gym locker and it's dry the next time I need it.  In the summer, I use it after swimming in the morning and it's dry by the time I teach swimming in the afternoon.  And it doesn't take up much room in my locker or gym bag.  It would be great where I used to spend my summers in Michigan where it was tough to dry out the beach towels.
This is the BEST !!! Drys you off fast,and drys fast too.. So soft and comfy on my skin!!
Having had perfectly clear skin through my teens, 20s, and most of my 30s, I now have post-pregnancy adult-onset cystic acne that began at age 36. My skin is far too delicate and sensitive to tolerate most OTC acne products. I bought this product out of desperation, not believing it would work. After reading hundreds of reviews and advice and testing it for 2 weeks, I have found that it works well, with some modifications. My experience: cystic acne goes through its normal cycle (rising to surface, becoming a hideous scab, etc.) in a fraction of the normal time (4 days versus 4 weeks) when treated as directed with Zeno, OR it disappears completely without ever having risen to the surface (after a week or so), when treated very aggressively with Zeno. My advice: Don't expect it to work after 1-3 treatments and in 24 hours as advertised. Do know that with diligence and patience, it will work. Be very aggressive. Do double-cycles (allow the Zeno to remain on your skin after it beeps, then press the button for a second cycle) every few hours as long as the bump is detectable in any way. You may get very slight burning of your skin (causing a whitish film or slight peeling) and you may go through your cartridge tips quickly, but believe me, it's worth it to avoid the horrible months-long process of cystic acne. I am using this in conjunction with a very thorough natural skincare regime and improved nutrition, and seeing the results I have hoped for after 2 weeks
There are several listings for this item in different versions.  Before making a decision, check out the other versions, you will see many different reviews.  Overall, it seems to be as long as you use the product as intended, it works!  You can see my full review under Zeno Pro Pink
This product works great, they recharge fast, are just warm to the touch not hot, and have extremely long battery life. Battery charger works great and has nice car charger adapter
My Mom came home from rehab and needed an easy way to reach her remote, pills, magazines, eat breakfast... and still get the  table out of the way so she could reach her walker.  This type of tray was very useful in rehab.  However she didn't want something the looked like the hospital.  The white top with a space for a drink and pens and pencils that don't roll away when you move the tray was perfect.  She liked the white top (vs. the wood grain in rehab) since she could tell when it was really clean.  She was also pleased with the foot rest as part of the base.  This was perfect.  The reason I rated this at 4 stars and not 5 stars was that the bed kit came with one incorrect size nut so I had to go to the hardware store. 
The Oral B EB417 dual head power brush replacement does a great job of getting into tight places, reaching back teeth, removing plaque, has a nice gum massage action, and leaves your mouth and teeth feeling clean and very refreshed. The two heads work twice as good as one, but may take some getting used to if your used to a single brush head. 
Using it by gently guiding it over your teeth, and letting it do all the work, it will last a long time too. It was nearly three months before I had to replace mine. Most Oral B brushes are interchangeable with all Oral B units. This one though, according to the buying info here, may not be used with the Cross Action brush. It will also indicate when it's time for replacement by the fading colors of the bristles.(the box shows as good picture of new and used). Just a little of your favorite toothpaste goes a long way too!
It's a 5 star product, but unless you are just one person who just wants to try it out, the better buy would be to purchase the three pack. It's almost like getting one free. My pack also came with different color rings, that fit on the brush at the base and is nice for families to tell the brushes apart. It's nice to have a spare for unexpected guests as well.
Keep Smiling....Laurie
These Never leak and are good enough to wear over night. This is the only diaper I buy
This works best for me.  I don't like a wet or greasy look.  This holds well, then dries as if nothing is on the hair.  Without it, my hair falls down into my eyes.  I think it's the best
I bought the Remington MB-300 Mustache and Beard trimmer for my husband and was holding my breath as he is very picky. He has a gorgeous full beard and keeps it precisely trimmed. The Remington has several adjustments for length,that pleases him the most,it trims whatever he aims it at,and does it well. It is light weight and maneuvers easily.
Overall an excellent trimmer - this is what I have been needing all of these years.  Finally a piece of equipment that does it all.  I have been very pleased with this trimmer - it is solid, and cuts without problem.  I love the adjustments, and the removeable head.  Thanks Remington, and my wife for the Christmas present
I purchased this as a gift for my husband and he loves it.  Well made with good trim length settings, it's also easy to hold.  Recommended
The day I ordered this pair at Amazon, I saw the same Homedics slippers at Sears for $21.99 on sale and I was immediately assured that price wise, this is a great buy. I got the slippers within 3 days. The material is very soft and "towely", and pretty in pink- it feels really good to just walk in them. Though they have a battery compartment underneath the sole, they are not too heavy to walk in either. Each slipper uses 2 AA batteries. The massage is actually more effective while sitting. And my mum and my sister keep eyeing my slippers. I ordered another one for my future mum-in-law as well! I'm sure she'll love it. Also, I wear a shoe size 8, sometimes 8.5, but the Homedics Small Size for the massaging slippers fit just fine, actually a little better coz a good fit gives a better feeling of the vibrations. If you're thinking of buying this, go for it
When I first tried this Marshmallow Vanishing Cr�me in a sampler kit, I purchased five more kits and then a 1.5 ounce glass container of this product. Can I say it is addictive? 
Yes, I guess it does have a banana cream pie scent and the texture is similar to a banana cream pie topped with whip cream. To say this is decadent is an understatement. You will be very tempted to slather your entire body in a good helping of this cream. 
Fortunately, it goes a long way and absorbs extremely well. In fact, that is why they call it "vanishing" cr�me. The ingredient list is impressive and contains rose water, mango butter, beeswax, grapeseed oil, rosehip seed oil, Vitamin E, marshmallow extract, willowbark extract, calendula flower extract, and a heady fragrance.
Grapeseed oil is one of the most powerful antioxidants and is high in proanthocyanidins, a group of bioflavonoids that are superior because they are water soluble. This ingredient also prevents skin cell damage caused by pollution and sun exposure.
"Marsh Mallow" is actually a pink flowering herb found in marshes and damp meadows. It has been used for centuries as a food and a medicine. The leaves and roots secrete an emollient fluid with healing properties for inflamed skin. In the past, people boiled the roots in wine to make a cough remedy.
I found this luscious creamy dreamy product to be healing for the body and mind. Not only will you feel comforted by nature, your skin will be baby soft and this product can be used for all-over body healing. The silver lid and glass jar have an unusually cute appeal. 
If you love this product, you might want to try the Pore-refining mask, Evening Primrose Overnight Cr�me and the very unique parsley blemish stick. To take luxury to the next level, try the Shea Butter Decollete Cr�me on your feet, hands or all over your entire body. What an amazing line of products. They heal, protect and soothe your mind.
I'm still trying all the Burt's Bees products, and love how these products make me feel. They add a level of protection to your skin care routine and the clay mask I recently tried cleaned my pores like a dream.
~TheRebeccaReview.co
I purchased the Caruso for my wife after returning a Conair Infinity. The Conair Infinity did not measure up to her expectations. She is happy with the Caruso and feels that it does an good job setting curl. I will offer a few observations of my own. I would think that companies that produce these devices would be more sensative to the needs of a broader spectum of customer. For instance, women have different lengths of hair. This device provides 6 petite, 6 small, 6 medium, 6 large, 6 jumbo. That might be fine for women with shoulder length hair, but not for everyone.
There's not enough of one size to get the job done. There's not enough of two sizes to get the job done. If your hair has just been cut, it's to short to use the larger sizes, unless you have long hair to start with. My wife's hair is not quite shoulder length, she's got a problem. So, I figured, no big deal, just order a dozen of the right size. One dozen additional rollers cost $35. I only paid $29 for the unit with 30 rollers.
That's not what I call customer friendly.
I have had a couple sets of these, and LOVE THEM.  This set is for a gift.  I am so anxious to give it to her
Item was received in perfect shape.  It is a wonderful item and a great buy
Now I finally have the look and feel of a celebrity.  The best product on earth period!  I've tried all ingrown hair product's since 1985 beleive me Ive' spent thousand of dollars, nothing comes close to it "forget about it" Saliylic Acid is history in my book. Sorry Dermatologist their is a cure.  I bought 1 bottle before christmas 2006.  Since the new year 2007 started I've already bought 2 bottle's and I'm spreading the word.  Don't delay a smooth and perfect face is just a few days away.
Thanks to all who have complimented my slick and smooth face.
J. Diaz    Aka  (Papi rico
My son loves this. It's great for a night light. He can even fill it up himself. I recommend it for a childrens room
This humidifier is easy to refil and not a  big eye-sore even in small rooms.  Also, stays very clean not a lot of build up like other humidifiers.  Would give it 5 stars but you do have to refil it about every 8 hours.  Which I guess it's good that it's easy to refil.  The price is also the reason for 4 stars instead of 5.  I think it is a little pricey for not a lot of features compared to bigger ones with more features for the same price.  Perhaps you pay for the convient size.  
Overall, I really do like this humidifer and is the only one I like to have in the house because of low maintence and small size.  
As soon as I got this item, I tried it out right away.  I will agree the battery cover is rather flimsy but that's a minor point.  The real issue is whether it could do what it claims to do -- take down mosquitos and flys.  Sure enough, I killed 5 mosquitos after sitting outside for just a few minutes.  I also took down a housefly without any sweat.  This is a great device as mosquitos are a real problem where I'm at and it sucks being held hostage indoors by insects.  No more an issue
Having previously owned battery powered travel razors, I was always disappointed with their power and battery life. After all, what's the point ditching a heavier charger and razor if you have to carry a load of extra batteries and still end up stubbly faced? The Braun 370-BK was a pleasant surprise, however; powerful enough to hack through my hiking stubble and plenty of juice for an extended outing. I also liked the folding design which protects the cutting surfaces and keeps the cleaning brush from getting lost. A great piece of tech at a good price
I bought this for my father who only has one leg to use in his shower/tub combo.  He loves it.  Esp. the height adjustment feature
Being sick and tired of shaving constantly and buying expensive blades, I did some research and decided to try an epilator.  I figured I'd give this model a try. I have not been disappointed!  Yes, it hurt the first time I used it--I hadn't shaved in almost a week and I had a lot of thick dark hair.  But, it was pulling it right out.  The more you use it, the less it hurts. I haven't had ugly, rough stubble since. I also like that Panasonic has included a shaver head--this works great to trim up too-long hairs before epilation or for the more sensitive areas that are just too painful to epilate.  The heads are easily interchangable and a snap to clean.  This is a great all-around epilator/shaver.   
It is working well, little slow warm up. But actually I wanted a hot air brush, not this, because I have very short hair, but i was mistaken when i ordered hot brush instead of hot air brush
Does everything as advertized. Love the turbo feature that speeds up the heating process to less than one minute
Definitely the best heating pad I've ever experienced. I'll never buy any other kind of heating pad again. This is by far the best and well worth the money. I love that it can set the temperature precisely and much higher than any other heating pads I've ever seen (that only have "high medium and low" settings, and usually the high and medium settings cause burns, or don't get hot enough, or go from barely any heat to burning!) This heating pad's lcd shows the actual temperature it's at, which is great. And yes it feels very moist, but not like you're getting dampness on your clothing. My only complaint is that it shuts off after 60 minutes. I could easily have this on all day :
As a dentist of over 20+ years experience, I have seen over and over again the results of not flossing one's teeth.  The unfortunate result of such neglect is cavities (especially in kids), and inevitable gum disease in adults, which in both cass over time leads to tooth loss.  Gum disease almost always starts in-between the teeth and the only way to clean the germs that cause gum disease and cavities from between the teeth is with floss.  Mechanical scrubbing with floss is the key, and all the daily brushings and rinsings will not remove the in-between stubborn plaque below the gumline.  The bottom line is that we need to floss our teeth if we want to keep them for a lifetime.  
I have heard all the excuses for not flossing: The floss is too hard to handle, my fingers turn blue, my fingers are too fat, I'm too clumsy, the floss hurts my gums, etc, etc.  This disposable flosser is great for kids, who may not have the dexterity to load a non-disposable flosser, such as the "Flossaide Dental Floss Holder", which I recommend for adults (see my review).    
I have recommended this floss aid to my young patients over the years and I strongly recommend it to you as well.  One still has to develop the habit of flossing daily, and this device aides in the mechanics of flossing, making it a breeze.  Get it and save your teeth!
Jim "Konedog" Koeni
This would be a great item except it isn't clear that it only works on handles that are pointing to the right.  Our doors have the handles going to the left leaving this item useless for us
I bought one of these to squeege the water out of my past-shoulder-length hair.  It works great!  I gotta admit, it's just big enough for my head and I have a teeny little cranium so normal adults would probably prefer to buy the "extra large" size towel (which isn't really all that large.
This is a great fiber supplement!!  When you chew it, it starts out kind of crunchy but quickly turns chewy kind of like a chewy sweet-tart.  I usually keep a glass of water by even thou it says you don't need water. They have a good flavor and yes I do use it as a substitute for candy every once in a while. Just remember too much of a good thing will give you gas :-) so don't be in a small elevator.
They are a nice compact size for travel. They work as advertised, just expect to let them heat up longer than the stated "quick curl" time
I have never used a roller. After reading the reveiws I decided to purchase two set of rollers. I have long hair. It works really great on my hair. Looking at my hair everyone says it looks beautiful
I purchased this as a gift for a friend who has beautiful long hair and she told me they worked wonderfully.  I also own a set and have had them for several years travelling with me to the office, gym and around the world.  They are easy to pack and are lightweight
Great compact design. Takes up very little room in your suitcase. Rollers heat up & are ready to use in about 2-3 minutes like the product claims. Sets hair better then most rollers (and I have tried many). The only thing that I would change, is to add 2-4 more rollers. But I liked these rollers so much, I actually bought a 2nd set & use these at home over the 5 other sets of rollers I own!
This is the one I buy for friends and the one they use at my pediatricians office. It is like the one I bought 5 years ago with my first baby, the one that is still humming along.
I have been really happy with our thermometer with the exception that it was-and-is still too big to use with my second child, a boy who persists in having 'tiny' ear canals even though he is three now. It has worked well for every other kid I know though.
About the variation in temperature taking. My advice is to practice taking your and your children's temperature while you and they are healthy. For one thing, not everyone has the `standard' 98.6 degree normal temperature; and for another thing it isn't always easy to get the tip pointed in the right direction once it is in the ear canal. It takes practice.
A good home purchase. (For really little babies we used a pacifier thermometer with great success.
I got this product when the price dropped down to $12. So for that price I liked this product a lot. It heats the lotion well. Initially I thought it was small, but now I think it is the correct size. I did not realize how much better it is to apply heated lotion until this. I switch it on when I go for a bath and by the time I am back, the lotion is ready and warm. It is a great buy, and for all you bargain shoppers, wait till the price drops. It is  especially a great buy during winter
I ordered one of these for my girlfriend and she loves it.  Friends and family have tried it and are thrilled.  This product will make holiday shopping easy for several women on my list
This is the best invention yet.  I could not believe how warm and smooth the cream felt.  What a difference from cold cream to warm cream.   The cream itself was smoother and yes, buttery!  I love this, this is my best investment yet
Such a thoughtful gift.  A real treat for those of us living in colder climates - especially in the winter.  The warm lotion is truly a treat to dry, itchy winter skin.  Anyone would love this!
Dr. Scholl's Foot Cream was excellent. It's a rich overnight foot cream with a pleasant smell. My feet felt softer in the morning after using it at night and I noticed a difference immediately in my dry, cracked heels. I also ended up using it on my hands and elbows before I went to bed. Especially my hands were really soft in the morning. I've tried other foot creams and not been really impressed. But I think the difference is that Dr. Scholl's has no alcohol in it, and it's really rich so you can actually feel the moisture in your skin
For me a good  tweezer is well worth paying for and this is a very good tweezer. I had the same one, this brand, for six years and then dropped it and it went out of alignment. I immediately ordered my new tweezer. If not dropped I suspect this would last a lifetime
I agree with the previous reviewer.
I have used this brush for years!
It was recommended to me by a hairdresser, and I will never use a different brush.
Unless you have fine, thin, hair,  you will love this brush!!!
I bought this scale for my wife (ya, I'm that sort of guy)! She's definitely not heavy, but 'concerned' and a follower of Weight Watchers. I was shocked to read various scale reviews prior to purchasing this one and find so many that did not weigh accurately! Well, this one was highly rated by most reviewers for accuracy & they are right. This scale is very accurate in determing a person's mass (sorry, I was a Physics major too) and confirmed at her Weight Watchers' weighings. As for it's accurate determination of "body fat" and "water", I can't say, but feel these are a bit gimicry anyway.
As for my wife, she loves the scale & me. Although, her love for me covers over many poorly chosen gifts, so I'm not absolutely sure about her love for the scale. However, I do know she uses it ever day and enjoys telling me of her victories
         This writting instrument is superb in it's ability to compensate the energetic writer
I have always dated men who wear this cologne. Not on purpose but I always seem to find or smell men who wear this scent. My mother calls it sex in a bottle. The scent is light and pleasant but still smells like a man should smell
My bedroom receives an inordinate amount of morning light and, being a light sleeper, I've tried numerous ways to protect my slumber. It doesn't help that my husband (God love him) snores as loud as a small jet plane. I've tried silicone ear plugs and satin eye masks only to find that the plugs make me feel like I have a head cold and the masks leave unwanted gaps that let in the light.
I received the Tranquility Zone eye mask for a birthday present and I could hardly wait to try it. I LOVE this thing! It's thick and large enough to block out all of the light and, due to the design, the mask is positioned perfectly over my ears. The sounds are pleasant (I'm a big fan of the "Babbling Brook" track) and I love being able to plug my mp3 player in so I can listen to my own nature-sounds tracks, too. 
I've given this 5 stars because there's no option for 4.5. In all honesty, there are a few drawbacks. First, when I say this is thick I'm not kidding. Without my A/C in the summer it might get a bit warm. Second, the sound clips themselves are on very short loops... so if you have a brain like mine that tunes in to what you're hearing you'll notice that the clip repeats itself every 5 seconds or so. Were it not for this I'd be a bigger fan of the first track -- the one that sounds like you're in a forest -- but I get distracted (and awakened) by hearing that bird sound that comes closer then fades.
Even with these things in mind, I have to say I haven't slept this well in YEARS. I love this thing, and I wish I'd found it earlier. In fact, I love it so much I've given it as a gift to two friends who'd tried on my mask while they were visiting and fell in love with it, too
If you have trouble sleeping...THIS mask is for you!!  For anyone struggling to get even a few minutes worth of sleep...  You will not be disappointed!!  Fabulous!  Whether for a nap or for getting through the night - this mask will definitely help!  I have given several as gifts and everyone is in agreement with me!  The only negative is - the company changed from an endless sound model to 30 minutes of sound...therefore - I wake up and have to re-hit the sound selection...but, I'm still getting more sleep than I have in years and years!
These are a helpful item for me; the cloth pockets are nice, and the instructions for microwaving are clear and simple
I looked a many other back support pads.  
Some were too big, and others were just complicated.
The Obus Forme Side to Side is perfect.
It is very light weight and small, therefore, very portable.
I use it in the car and take it with me to the office.
The strap on the back fits well around any chair back,
although, I have found I don't need to use it because it stays put
This dryer works great but it gets pretty hot.  Watch your ears and fingertips
The stuff can seem somewhat pricy (specially on a college budget) but it's well worth it. The taste isn't much to talk about; you're better of just holding your nose and chugging it at once. Then again, weightlifters don't eat supplements for taste do they? I have a huge energy problem, I lack it a lot. Between class and work, I'm usually drained at the end of the day, but this stuff helps me get into the gym and hit it hard. This isn't to say that it won't requre motivation on your part, but it sure helps. During the workout, you may notice an increase in your pump. My muscles felt so tight and big, that I just wanted to lift more and more. By the time I was done, I went to the lockeroom to change and saw a monster in the mirror. I've had great pumps before, but this was insane! It didn't even look like me at all; it felt great. I've been using it for 2 months now and I don't train a day without it. Highly, highly recommended
There's nothing like grabbing a warm totally sanitized toothbrush. I have used this for years after I saw the inventor on 20/20 I had to try it out. It works great! Its like using a new toothbrush everyday. Well worth it
I bought this for my mom for Christmas.  I have the same one.  I take mine on every trip I go on.  She always says she needs one.  My whole life I have been a light sleeper and now I sleep through almost everything (sometimes even my alarm)
This Nature Made product is excellent. However, readers should be aware that this products DOES NOT contain IRON for a very good reason. Taking iron supplements sets you up for potential health problems if you are a woman over 50.  I hope the other reviewer takes note of this. 
Its a freakin wet nap, what else can I say? Not much to critique here.
I live in a small town & their kind of hard to find so Amazon to the rescue.
Pros:
1. style(square)
2. looks. It doesn't shout "hey I'm a wet nap"
3. shape. It stays put in my truck & doesn't roll around.
4. does a great job of what its intended to do, nothiing more.
cons:
1. Non
While a little dubious, I am know a believer--really helps me get motivated and stay energized focused for my workouts.  Start with a single scoop and adjust as needed
This is a pretty good flavor. It isn't my all time favorite (Apricot) but way up there
Clif Bars are amoung the best tasting energy bars I have ever tried. They may not pack as many calories or grams of protein as other brands, but there have been times where I could not even finish a competeing bar because of dismal taste or texture
The best sports bar around. Great taste, organic, contains plenty of Antioxidants, and contains a good amount of protein.
The only down side is the high amount of carbs, especially the sugars, but I still give it five stars
Clif Bars have been part of my families life for a long time and provides a good quick meal or snack depending on your activity level.  Definitely recommend having water available
I've tried many types of nutrition bars and many are too sweet or they are not tasty. Clif bars get it right
After buying several different seat cushions for my office chair I found this seat and it is the best choice I ever made. The seat has a low profile but is extremely comfortable
I absolutely love this stuff. I would recommend this to any person that has frizz. It makes my hair feel so silky smoothe. I started using it about 2 months ago and cannot stand to go without it. Just use a little because it can make your hair look oily if you use too much and don't put it close to the scalp either for the same reason. I tried the Chi Silk Infusion because I thought they would be the same since they are both made by Farouk but the Chi is not nearly as good. I would give this 100 stars I could.
Had I read these reviews before buying this, I probably wouldn't have purchased it.  But I had been looking at the much more expensive Sonicare toothbrushes after my dentist recommended Sonicare after I asked.  I didn't ask if there was a certain MODEL that he recommended, so I assumed I'd have to pay from $40-$150 for a Sonicare.  When I saw this one for $30 at Target, I figured I didn't have much to lose.
I've had no problems with any of the other problems mentioned and have been happy with how it makes my teeth feel super clean and has even cleaned this spot that even my dental hygienist couldn't get.  It turns off automatically after 2 minutes, so I know that I'm brushing my teeth longer.  One thing that takes getting used to is NOT removing it while it's going...you'll splatter toothpaste all over yourself! :D  Another plus is not having your tummy jiggle like it does with a manual toothbrush!!  
The only negative is that it goes thru 2 AA batteries about once a month, but the directions said that it lasts about 60 brushes per battery change and that's about right.  I've started using rechargable batteries and have had no problems.
I have a few minor quibbles with this razor, but it gives you a nice close, comfortable shave. And isn't that what we want in the end? 
I don't know anyone who buys one of these things for its "ergonomic design features." It holds the charge for a good long time, and shaves your face nice. Rinse it clean with running water and you're done. That's what I'm looking for.
The only things keeping me from a 5 star review is I'm not yet comfortable with how the razor sounds when running. It seems like it's always needing a charge...but that's how it sounds at full charge. It will take some getting used to I guess..others might find the quiet running mode a plus. 
Also, the monthly cleaning of the cutters/combs is a bit complicated.
Have had several Norelco razors over the years.  This is the closest shave I have ever gotten from any electric razor - and it is also the quietest.  Only comment is that it requires recharging more frequently that its claims but not enough of a problem to offset the quality of shave.  Highly recommend
Upgraded from an old Norelco to this and just love it. Shaves close and almost effortlessly including the very course hair over the upper lip. The only con I see is the 8 hour charge time, which has been the norm for Norelcos in this class for a long time. If you need a very good basic electric shaver for a good price, this is a great choice
Upgraded to this razor after my old Remington died, and I've been very happy with it.  It cut a bit close, which irritated my skin at first, but I think that was just me getting used to the "Lift & cut."
This would be an excellent razor if it wasn't for two features (or lack thereof) that make it a pain to use.
1.  The internal battery is NiCd.  This type of battery has "memory" to it, which means for optimal performance, the battery should be fully drained before you recharge it.  Otherwise, the life of the battery will slowly shorten until the battery is useless.
2.  There isn't a low battery indicator.
By itself, either of these features wouldn't pose a problem.  Combined, you're left wondering when you'll have to charge the shaver, or when you're off on that business trip, if you'll need to bring the charger.
In the long run, this razor is cheap enough and I expect the battery to last for years.  Still, it would have been better if the battery was made of NiMH or some technology that's not 15 years old.
The refills were easy to order & fit my brush perfectly.  It's a lot easier ordering on line & received in home rather than trying to find the merchandise in a store
Product arrived as expected.  I've had the tooth brush for about a year now and I love it.  One complain I have is that the interior of the brush head can get pretty dirty.  It cleans up pretty well with a soak in warm water and bleach.  I have not tried soaking it in Oxyclean, that might work even better. 
The first epilator that I used was The Epi-lady with coils that came out in the 80's.  I did not use this for long....
A tool of complete TORTURE!
I finally got brave enough to give epilators a try again and got one from "VEET" which has a single roller of tweezers but it did such a good job that I was completely hooked on using an epilator. Good-bye razors and wax!
I figured that if a single roller did a good job that the Conair which had two rollers would do even better. The Conair does a good job and I'm keeping it as my spare,  but the epilator from Veet actually does a better job.  
I no longer have any discomfort from the epilators and I even do my bikini area and underarms.
I love the results on my underarms and the money saved on waxing.
Once you see and feel the results you will be completely won over.
UPDATE:  I've had more time to use the Conair Epilator and now I've actually been using it more than my "Veet".
Just give yourself time to adjust to this epilator and you will be very happy with it.
As a matter of fact I am ordering one as a gift for one of my friends
This an excellent tool to self massage yourself.  It is very steady and very controllable.  You can really reach in with it. I tried different canes and this is the best one.  Buy it for yourself and your friends and they will love it! 
Don't forget to buy the instructional DVD.  It is really helpful in learning the proper way to use it
I pumped exclusively with my first child and had no need for disposable pads b/c washable ones were sufficient.  With my second child, I did both and I found these to be the best b/c washable ones are not enough.  They are large so won't shift when you roll in bed.  They are very absorbent though I have woken up a couple times trenched.  They are very thin and discreet.  Other pads are not as big so not enough overage.  I never bother with the adhesives b/c they don't work.  They are a must for nursing moms and pumping moms in the first few month when you have lots of milk.  I just wished they were softer and less paper like
This is the best dispenser we have used.  It attches to the wall easily, is eay to fill and is constructed in such a way that it has multiple uses.  We purchased smaller ones to give as gifts-knowing others would like it also.
I bought one of these 'gizmos' as a gift 3 years ago and I was so happy to find it on here!! It is like going to a salon and getting the best shampoo ever!
I found this to be a good product and it works well in my hair it does exactly what I want it to and I only paid $14.99 for it. It doesn't cause my hair to frizz up and it's easy to style when I take the rollers out. As far as it taking too long to heat up, I don't really let that affect my review because I plug it in and while it is heating up I do my makeup or something else. (I'm a multi-tasker anyway)  I also don't find that the clips leave a mark in my hair but my hair has some perm in it so it may do that on straighter hair.  Overall I like it.
Over the years, I have tried many different brands and types of heated rollers and I never liked using any of them.  I recently bought a new set which I had to return due to the fact that I had a terrible time trying to roll my hair on the almost smooth surface of the rollers and then after clipping the rolls, they would immediately fall out of my hair....scream! I bought the Remmington #1080N wax core roller set and I have finally found the easiest and quickest  way to curl my hair.  The rollers surface, when warm, grab the hair ends immediately to allow great control when trying to roll even short hair.  The rollers are held in place by a full clip which looks more like a comb so the clips do not leave a ridge in my hair.  Once heated, the rollers are relatively cool to the touch (no more burned fingers) but due to the wax core, the rollers hold plenty of     heat and it takes just a few minutes after setting to produce excellent, long lasting results.  The set takes about 10 - 15 minutes to warm up.  I've found the warm up time takes longer than the time I actually leave the curlers in my hair.  This is the Best curler set I have EVER used.  If I was to ask for one change, it would be a quicker warm up time.  However, just the fact that rolling is so quick and easy, makes up for the few extra minutes of preparation.  I'm hard to please, so my recommendation says alot.  Thanks Remmington (I still don't like your other regular rollers! Ha)
I have had this heating pad for several months and have never had a problem with it. It gets very hot/warm very fast and is very comforting. I use it on my neck and shoulders to help relax the muscles that cause some headaches. I would recommend this product to anyone. I'm purchasing another one for my stepfather as a gift
I have read reveiws before i bought it that said the trimmer "pinches" or cut people, but i haven't found that to be the case. I wouldn't use it in ultra sensitive places (but i try not to use anything sharp and potentially dangerous near sensitive areas) but it does the trick quite well.  I have really enjoyed it and think it functions really well for a good price.  It also has an attachment to be a regukar shaver (which wasn't advertised when i bought it) but worked well on my legs; not as great as some more expensive  electric leg shavers but is great when you don't have much time.  All in all i suggest buying it.  
I think that they are great diapers. I have used other diapers in the past and I am now sitcking with Luvs!!!! I get more for my money and they work great.
I purchased 5 of these for myself and coworkers. We are all on our feet all day long. After one other coworker told us about the one he had, we all had to have one to help our tired feet. Everyone of us is very happy with this product. It is a great value for the price. There are other messagers that are more expensive but these are just super. We did have a problem with one, but Amazon quickly exchanged it for us. I think it was defective from the factory. Great product and even better service from Amazon
This hair dryer is truly a professional, salon type dryer. Many dryers are advertised as such, but this one lives up to that reputation. Very sleek, beautiful coloring and easy to handle with Turbo feature. This was a surprise(turbo) which I'm enjoying, coupled with the smooth and strong drying. The sound is even pleasant, not too loud, and it works quickly.(especially since I have very thick hair)
I would recommend this dryer as an excellent buy for the inexpensive price.
AJ in N
We keep this in our kitchen and sanitize dropped baby toys and pacifiers as needed.  It takes a 30 minute cycle, and you just put things in and walk away.  It hasn't damaged anything vs. sanitizing in the washing machine - and I don't have to worry about any chemical residue from spray sanitizers.  We've even started to use it on more things around the house like toothbrushes, etc. to periodically clean them.  I think it's great
I really like this sanitizer.  The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because I wish that it was bigger so I could fit bottles and things slightly larger in it.  But, I do put her pacifiers and bottle nipples in there. 
The shaver was very good.  It gives a very close shave.  Not only do I shave my face but I also shave my head.  It feels like I use a normal shaver after I am done.  My nly advice is to empty the hair out between every shave.  It seems to give a better shave this wa
WORKS GREAT AND WITH ANY MATTRESS.  DUE TO SEVERE NECK INJURIES I CAN NOW SLEEP BETTER AT A SLIGHT INCLINE.  THANKS ...
Works great but I wish I could find it in stores.  The one RiteAid that does carry it, doesn't always have it in stock.  I also can not always find it in just any Rite Aid.  Some don't carry it at all...annoying! 
My daughter is the canker sore sufferer.  I did some research before I discovered Rembrandt, and found that the ingredient, Sodium Lauryl Sulfate, found in almost all toothepastes is the culprate.  Rembrandt for Canker Sores does not contain this key ingredient.  Sodium lauryl sulfate (SLS) is what makes our toothepaste foam.  My daughter hardly ever has anymore canker sore breakouts.  If she does, it seems to be from getting a cold.  Try and find a toothpaste without SLS...they aren't out there.  It would be nice to have some competition to bring the price down and be more readily available.  But all in all, I'm glad someone has made this product available, even if it's pricey and hard to find.
He'd always had problems with frequent canker sores.  After he tried this (on a recommendation from his dentist), his canker sores went from 2-3/week, to 2-3/year!
These wipes are strong, have just the right amount of moisture, and don't leave that slimy feeling that most of the major brands leave. My son had diaper rashes as a newborn; when we were at home, we could wash/rinse him with water and dry completely before rediapering, but when we were out, and had to use wipes, his rash would flare up. After switching to these wipes and 7th Gen diapers, the rash went away. Later on, I tried Pampers again, and the rash came back. Using Seventh Gen really has kept his skin rash free. My older son also has a lot of itching when we use Pampers; much less with these wipes & diapers
I don't know if it makes your hair shiny or not (I never noticed increased shine) however, I do think it does it does a nice job.  It worked better when my hair was around shoulder length, but it puts a nice curl in your hair and as long as it's not too humid out, it stays in.  Now that my hair is down to my waist, it doesn't hold curl anymore.  Just a little on the ends and if it's even a little humid, forget it.  The main thing that bothers me about this set is the clips that hold the rollers in.  I don't know what they were thinking, but they really suck.  They pull on your hair a little while they're holding the roller in and make you look an awful lot like madusa.  Anyone who happens to see you will most certainly have a few jokes and laughs
This razor is the best I have ever shaved with. It copes with every length of hair and angle of growth whether I shave every day, every other day, or even every third day. Perfect
Well, the other reviews tell you that the shaver works great [compared to other battery operated shavers]. I agree.
My point is that one can buy Lithium batteries for about a dollar each. Google for LED flashlight reviews and you will find highg quality cheap Lithium batteries. Some of them were even tested and evaluated by the flashlight guys
Bought the massager - overall OK but it is heavy to use with one hand, after sometime it gets to you.  It has a good vibration capability better than the others i had. Could have a better handle and a longer cord.  How about making them 110 - 240V then i can travel with it
Has all of the features that I wanted; digital readout, body fat monitor. Relatively easy to set up
This is easy to use and set up.  It even has a 3rd space for a guest.  You don't have to get your body fat and water each time.  I like it
Accurate scale - records use of two different users plus guests (or your chlidren!) Remembers prior info. Body fat % is a great and fairly accurate feature. These combined features make it worth the cost. Plan on reading the manual to set up
I have had 2 other Sonicare toothbrushes and love them! I shopped around and due to Amazon's FABULOUS return policy and excellent customer service...There was no question where I would purchase. Their price was very competitive and their excellent customer service made it easy to feel good about buying here
Although the compartments seem small, you can fit lots of food into this bowl. It's divided into about 4 or 5 sections, so you can separate your veggies, meat, etc. The only thing that bummed me out was the ice pack - the frozen gel expanded on the inside and caused the container to break :( So, I use it to store food in the fridge. I have all of the other Fit & Fresh containers and none of the ice packs on those have broken.
I think it nice for me,make my eyes relax after long-time working before computer
Its a very nice little fountain. The lighting on the ceiling is really cool and the water noises are adjustable depending on how you arrange the rocks. It doesn't have near enough rocks, so I'm going to go and get some, but I think once I fill it up a little more it'll look a lot better too. I'm satisfied, I actually bought another one :
I purchased the mitts for a gift and also for myself. The person for whom I purchased them is very happy with them and so am I. I was looking for a mitt that could keep my hands as hot as possible because I have arthritis and was surprised that the heat stays for more than 1 hour. It is too soon to tell but I hope it will help me with the arthritis in my hands. 
Works like a charm.  It is absolutely worth the price.  I would buy another in a heartbeat
I used this while breastfeeding my son...and while I only had one issue of chapping, it was a lifesaver.  I loved it then and have used it on several other things since..great on chapped hands, lips etc.  But I don't know what I would have done without this wonder creme.  And it's an essential baby gift that I tend to give at showers!
If you own one of these shavers, then you need to replace with these every year. Buy the BEST, buy these, and shaver will stay like new
I bought another one of these because I dropped my orginal at the grocery store and broke the bulb.I tried contacting the company with this new one.U cannot get an answer. The company seems to have a non working number. Other than that , the product ok and I havent been sick since I have used it./
I've been using this scrub for a while - it greatly improved the quality of the shave that I get.  I get a lot less irritation.
I've also used a similar product from Lancome (more expensive) and actually prefer Nivea better
This is a great heating pad if you like heat. It ranges from Low to HI with 4 settings in between. (that is 6 settings) Especially nice is the loooooong cord.  My old heating pad has like a 6 ft. cord and I always needed an extension cord for it. Good purchase!
I have had this heating pad for over a year and am very pleased with it.  The auto shut off is annoying when I forget to reset the pad and it goes completely cool but otherwise, very pleased.  Just ordered one for my grandma and she is thrilled with the soft cover and the fact that it doesn't "rattle" like the old fashioned ones.  Great improvment and larger size
It works so great. I broke my left wrist and was in a cast for nine weeks.  I will be using the stand after I can use my left wrist. It is very sturdy and adjust to different hights
Smells DIVINE! This is a powder-sweet and refreshing scent that won't overwhelm the senses. It's soft and subtle, yet killer if it complements your body chemistry. I love using this particular fragrance (especially during special occasions). It exudes both simplicity and sophistication--wonderful qualities that make me feel so feminine and utterly sexy!!! Try it
This razor is fantastic. The gel pieces are very soft and keep even my dry skin from being too bad!! The only problem I had with it was the gel parts don't last quite as long as a bottle of shaving cream/gel would. But if you are looking for a quick, handy and yet still good shave, this is exactly what you are looking for
I had never used an auto cuff before, so I had my doubts, but after using this over a period of weeks it seems to be right on the money every time. I would buy it agai
I have used this blood pressure monitor almost every day for weeks and it works great.  It's an excellent value and I would recommend it to my friends without reservation
I have purchased a total of 12 of these batteries (6 two-packs) and I must say that they work exactly how I projected them to. They hold a charge well enough for my uses in  various electronics and my infant's papasan swing. Regular Duracell alkalines will keep the swing running for a few days. These batteries on a full charge almost match the alkalines' life and I have recharged and reused many times already with no sign of charge loss. I am very pleased so far with my purchase. Get these until hybrid nimh batteries in size D become easily available and cheaper
I didn't have any trouble with them being too large. I tested them in a battery-operated light string against a no-name, non-rechargeable brand and they lasted almost exactly the same amount of time.
Excellent product, easy to mount and the clarity of the mirror is great
The mirror is great. I use it for shaving my face and it fits the bill perfectly. Both the normal and 5x mirrors are nice and clear
The Jerdon 7P7506CF (or as I call it, the ol'6CF) is a nice, reflective wall-attachable mirror.  I can't say enough about how reflective this thing is; I'm a bit of an amateur facepainter (although I have zero artistic ability- my Spider-Man faces usually end up looking like spotty tomatoes), so I need a good mirror whenever I self-paint.  I have gone through three similar models before finding the 6CF, and none has been as clear and user-friendly.
In short, if you're looking for the best mirror value for your dollar, I can't recommend this thing enough.  It's the mirror of the 21st century, and beyond
This is a good medium priced shaver.  It does a good job, is fast, and easy to clean.  It is attractive, and fits the hand well. Not top of the line, but a good value.  Nothing negative to report.
I have a Braun 8995 shaver which is fairly good but upon reading the reviews I just had to try out the Panasonic and I am v impressed.
Dry it shaves v slightly closer than the braun but with just a splash of water and a dab of king of shaves gel the result is amazing and quite quick too, a v close shave in about 2 minutes. I keep stroking my face to feel the smoothness.
I dont use the cleaning station, I just rinse it under the tap so the only ongoing cost will be the foil and cutters but with the results I am getting I am well pleased
Now my husband can't "borrow" my gasses and I NEVER loose them.  I have one of each color and get rave comments every time I take them off in front of strangers.
I like the shampoo. It is nice. But I do not like the plastic bottle. Because you cannot remove the cap
I work at a nursing home for the elderly and travel my entire lunch break to take my kindergardener to daycare after school and then pick him up with my two year old to go home, and to know that I have this product at my beck and call. WOW!! I am a owner of this product for 6 months now and I all I can say is I love it.. So what is requires special water a gallon lasts me for two months so I don't mind spending $.75 every two months. I use it in conjunction with my pore cleanser from Panasonic and I now I use less make up than ever. I normally wear foundation, pressed powder and loose. Now it is just pressed powder. It allows my natural glow to come out and minimized my pores. I do my facial with a towel over my head to intensify the treatment along with a favorite cd and I am on a fifteen minute vacation without leaving home.  I take the towel  off and my pores are ready for the final stage. I turn on the cool mist and apply a moisturizer at the last minute and I am ready to face another day.
I bought it for my daughter's birthday.  She says it hurts at first but really gets the kinks out.  She is very pleased with it
Convenient to use, good battery life, good shave for an electric shaver, but still not as good as a blade.  Also a little hard to use at edges, such as sideburns, under and around nose
I have loved Dolce & Gabanna light blue since it came out.  I was so excited to find it at such a competitive price at amazon, and am certainly a satisfied customer!  The shipping was so fast, I was expecting to wait at least 2 weeks, and it was delivered ahead of schedle!  Thanks so much
Great price, free shipping....basically...I LOVE IT!!
I placed my order on Sunday and got it 8:00 a.m. Tuesday morning...I HIGHLY recommend this seller...I will definitely continue to buy from this seller myself..
I loved it and guys really love it.  The smell is so fresh and clean. 
I'm usually a very skeptical person and I don't trust too many things that say they will help you do this or that in a short amount of time. But these vitamins actually do work. It takes some time and they are pretty expensive but they work. So if you need something to help your hair grow you should buy these vitamins cause amazingly they do work and will show results. The only thing I hate about the product is the price. But if you have money and want help with growing your hair then you're in luck. I'm young and I don't have alot of money so I can't buy these vitamins all the time. But if you have a steady cash flow then you're in luck and they will totally help you
Unlike many of the other reviewers, I actually bought this shaver to use on my head. I have been shaving my head for the past 2 years and during that time have used a Panasonic ES8066. It was a fine product (able to be used either wet or dry, unlike the Braun), but I had no idea that upgrading to the Braun 8985 would make such a difference. I shaved my head in one third the time it took me using the Panasonic! No longer did I need to keep going over the same spot again and again. The Braun took off the hair in one or two passes, cutting just as close with considerable ease and less irritation. I can't believe I wasted two years shaving with my old shaver! I know Panasonic has since come out with new and improved shavers, and I can't comment on its new Vortex shaver, but I know I won't be returning my new Braun any time soon
This is the best shaver I have found during 25 to 30 years of electric shaving
I bought this for my wife when her Sonicare died. She loves it. Great price. She didn't want the better one and is very happy with it. Her teeth look great and she likes the way they feel after brushing
Initially the sensation made me giggle.  After a couple uses I got used to the process and have even changed my initial thoughts that the whole timing idea was silly.  My teeth feel cleaner, mouth fresher, and I'm hopeful that I will no longer get the "floss" lecture from my dental team.
Now that's something to smile about! 
Haven't had to clean it yet and it keeps the humidity level in out daughter's room between 41 and 53%.  We have had it for 3 months now and no problems at all.  Works as advertised and worth every penny
I have been using this line of products since they were marketed.  My Plastic Surgeon(not used for facial needs)keeeps remarking on my skin and has to remind himself that I am 61!
My last Braun Razor was model 6550, which I purchased 7 years ago. The Braun 8975 is a pleasure using, quick and close shave. The technology has come a long way. I have always used Braun and this is by far the best yet.
I was skeptical of this product - especially at the price - however I am so pleased with its effectiveness.  I rely on other reviewers remarks and so I am writing to tell you that it is definately worth the price.  I can't believe how quickly it clears up a pimple. When I think of all the money I've spent on products over the years - and I'm in my 40s!  I was tired of buying products that overdried my skin but left me with a red, angry looking spot.  This product is truly amazing and works as effectively on mild acne.  I only wish the Zeno was around when I was a teenager
These glasses are a great idea.  However, they do not work with long hair.  The back "strap" of the glasses has to ride high up on the back of the head for the lenses to rest low on the nose (so you can see over them for distance).  Long hair lays on the back of the glasses and pushes them down in the back, making the front of the glasses pop up and placing the lenses right in front of the eyes. I guess most people who need reading glasses don't have long hair
Good Product - the pressure could be a little stronger with the sponge head.   It has a nice scent, and when the crystals had leaked upon arrival I had excellent customer service from the company to replace it. 
This was my heating pad, but my hairless cat took it over. He has a special pet heating pad of his own that he loved until he discovered this one. The first day I couldn't pry him off. 
I love that it's washable. In fact, I'm getting a second one for him to use while the others in the wash. Of course, I keep it pretty low for him. Being able to choose the times for shutoff is nice too since a lot of heating pads shutoff in two hours and some days that's not enough.
This heating pad wraps around, stays put, does a perfect job and turns off by itself. Spend the money and get a better mousetrap
Pink Sugar is a wonderful scent. I have received many compliments on this fragrance. Its not a strong scent nor is it perfumey. It is however a sweet scent. Everyone i know that has this fragrance loves it. At this price $32.14 for 3.4 oz spray you cannot find it cheaper anywhere else and free shipping on top of that. I say buy it you cannot go wrong
I get compliments all the time on this scent.  It is one of my favorites.  It smells exactly like cotton candy.  Its fun, flirty, and nostalgic of childhood romps at the fair!  If you like sweet edible scents, then this one is for you
I've tried for literally the last 6 years to find a way to straighten my hair (and have it stay straight)! I am happy to say that I've finally found something that works! I've had many different straighteners, and this one is by far the best. I have long curly hair, and this straightener gets it done in about 20 minutes. Much better than the hour I'm used to. Plus, the straightening lasts. My hair stays completely flat all day, instead of curling up on the ends like it did with my other straightener. You simply can't get better than this!
I bought this straightener at the advice of my hairdresser (well, the PINK one was my idea) and this is by far the best product I've ever used. I even took a long run yesterday and my hair still looks great - and it's usually a nappy, tangled mess after I work out. There really is nothing better than the CHI for straight, silky hair. I've used it on a couple friends and they swore to go out and buy it. It's worth the price
My arms used to get so sore because I'd blow-dry my thick, frizzy, curly hair for about 1 1/2 hours and then have to go over it again with a cheapy flat iron from wal-mart.
After having a stylist at Mastercuts use this on my hair and achieve even better results in under half an hour, I knew I had to buy this product.
This is a great price considering at most places like Trade Secret, the iron alone can cost about $129 plus tax, plus the Chi products are $15 and up.
It's a great value, and it benefits a great cause, so why not?
So if you have unruly, thick, curly hair- this is the product for you!
Just be careful because it does get really hot- I burned my ear a bit. Other than some common sense, anyone can use it and achieve great results.
I tried messing with it to flip out my hair and curl it, and I've almost got it down
Over the years at various jobs, I have seen this flashlight several times. It is abused and subjected to the most terrible chemical and physical abuse. It may end up looking beat up and yucky, but they always work, no matter what the contractor or whomever does to it. If you need a reliable flashlight for the toolbox, work truck, pick-up glove compartment, etc., this is the only one you need. 
If you need a good flashlight at home, and tired of buying and throwing out all those junky flashlights from the grocery store, this one will be the last flashlight you will ever have to buy. I finally bought one just for my home, and I am only sorry I did not do this years ago (I am also happy to have one of these things that is not totally beat up like the one in my toolbox; I refuse to replace it). 
I like this version because it has a strong magnet, and you stick onto the refrigerator or the side of your truck. I also like that it has switch guards, so it will not be accidentally turned on because it is buried beneath 25# of stuff in your toolbox. 
One nit-picky complaint. It has a clip for a spare bulb behind the reflector. However, it comes empty and you have to supply your own, so buy a spare bulb at the same time you buy this flashlight. 
First, this is a big and cumbersome....  but second, this is the best foot spa.  Got it for the wife and had to try it myself.  I am a wuss when it comes to super hot temps and I had to ease into the heat, it stayed hot the entire time.  The jets were nice and the wireless remote is priceless (just make sure its in your hand when you sit down so you don't have to move an inch :)  ).  The rollers on the bottom are nice too.  It gets loud when on high-jets mode, but nothing to grand.  Fast shipper, would recommend
The dispenser looks good, holds a decent volume of shampoo, conditioner etc. It is simple to refill the bottles, and so far there is no leakage. The mounting was easy, glued onto the tiles with silicone glue (included). If it broke or we decided to replace it, we would probably struggle quite a bit to get it off the tiles. The top shelf does not have a cross bar on the front, so if you mount the dispenser under your shower head, the hose will knock over whatever you might place on the shelf. The little hooks will hold disposable razors but not the ones with larger heads. Overall satisfied, good product for the price
This was sent to my daughter and son-in-law as a thank you present for a recent visit. I had noticed numerous bottles on the floor of their shower and thought it would be a great way to neaten it up.  They love it!!! Not only does it get rid of the clutter and make it easier to dispense soap, shampoo,etc., my son-in-law can now shave in the shower and keep his shaving paraphernalia there as well
Used to have a lot of liquid soap and shampoo get washed down the drain by my two kids... kids will be kids... but now they really like having their own dispenser buttons to push. Easy to mount and easy to use
It is very easy to use, turns on very quickly, and seems to be quite accurate. I also love that there are no extras required (e.g., ear tip covers). The kids want to have their temperature taken
I own this unit for more than a year. Bought it in the local drug store for $20. First unit was bad, displaying low battary error. I exchanged it same day for another one. I compared readings with traditional thermometers  and found it to be very accurate, fast, and can show in both C and F. The best I've ever had.
The case is bad - lock broke in a week
I was all set to do the typical 10 day antibiotic course for a sinus infection (I even had bought the antibiotics), but decided to try this first. It is very effective in clearing the sinuses, nose, throat and lungs. Couple things:
1. It makes a minor mention of using a solution (if desired) in the tank provided. I used Vicks. It more than doubles the steam output. So even if you don't get a solution, use plain water. Without it, the output is not impressive.
2. If you do get Vicks, get your magnifying glass out and read the dilution instructions. They do not make it clear without reading the fine print that it is a highly concentrated solution. If you add it undiluted, I think you'll go blind...
I highly recommend this unit
This Mabis Steam Inhaler REALLY puts out the steam!
I am very satisfied and would heartily reccommend this item to anyone looking for a steam inhaler
Great price, good product, escellent service.  I will buy from this supplier again
Just love the Homedic foot bath. Easy to use and very ssothing
on the feet. the pedicure attachments are a plus. The price was just great!  
this is really fun to do with a friend its so spa like i love it! but it has so many warnings im afraid to do something wrong
This is a great sized foot bath.  I pour hot water in it, sit back and relax.  It doesn't keep the water warm, but if I start off with really hot water it stays warm until I'm ready to get out.  Using the pedicure attachements is hard work though- I just assume use a hand-held brush.  The bubble feature is too loud to use while watching TV.  Still, for the price, I like this foot bath. I've even given it as a gift
I bought this for my boyfriend. I needed something affordable, and this was it. The bubble machine is quiet, and the warmth of the water lasts for a pretty long time.
The only complaint i have are the warnings it has. It just gets me uneasy and that something drastic might happen if I make a mistake. 
well other than that, this product is good. I've had it for I think a couple of months now, and nothing awful has happened and it's still working fine. :
This product gives your hair great volume without looking greasy.(Be careful not to use too much!) It works best if you have a little time to diffuse your hair with a blow dryer! Not surprisingly, when I use curl conscious many people will compliment the curls and the depth it adds to my hair :)I wish it would combat frizz a little more, but my hair is less frizzy when I use it. I guess the next thing I'll try is the Bumble and Bumble Frizz Fighter
I've had my son in Huggies brand since he was born. I started out with newborns and just went up in size. I loved them and they never sagged (unless they were really full). I loved the trim look to them. When I had to get Pampers brand because the store was out, the pampers brand always looked like he had a full sagging load. Even if I had just put them on and they were dry!
When my son was 1, he decided to take off the "tape" on the daipers and he just would not keep it on. So I switched him to pull ups. He kept those on and has been in pull ups for 3 years. Sometimes they did leak at night, because he went too much, but if I changed him once a night he was fine. Now that he's older, I don't have to change him, because he doesn't go at night.
These are really best out there, and they don't look like they are always sagging like other diapers
I love this book light!  It has survived countless drops to the hardwood floor by me and my 2 year old.  It works great with hardback and paperback books.  This is by far the best book light I have ever used
Imagine your eyes closed, and tiny vibrating fingers massaging your head and neck. Until you try this product, you can't truly imagine how good it feels.
Everyone deserves a little joy in their day, right? 
This product is totally awesome. It works great, no problems at all. Since I have mostly carpteting in my apartment, I have to move it to a hard surface every time I want to use it. It zeros perfectly every time and gives me an accurate reading when compared to the doctors scale
I was requested to write a review by Amazon. I felt this request was premature since I used this product only for a month. So far I am quite satisfied with the user friendlyness, price, and ability to use and clean the shaver in wet environment. 
I love this razor...It gives a nice close shave, is easy to clean and can be used wet or dry.  Nothing to complain about here
I received one of these towels as a gift several years ago.  It was, by far, one of the best gifts I have ever received!  It soaks all of the water out of your hair and leaves it perfect for blow drying.  For women, this is a five star gift
This is by far my favorite out of all the Odwalla Bars. I used to purchase it at Trader Joe's, but they no longer carry this flavor; so I was especially delighted when I saw it on Amazon.
I've only used the kit once, and it did what it was supposed to.  No problems, everything went fine, and I intend to use it again within about a month.  It should pay for itself very quickly
I have medium colored hair, and I've used this trimmer many times.  It shaves away the hair just fine for me, you know need to know how to get to all the hair.  If your hair is so coarse that this trimmer doesn't work, you I'd recommend waxing!  Fast, effective, good angling
I have received so many compliments on this fragrance. I can always pick out the scent when someone else is wearing it. Although a fragrance will smell different on each person, I have not known of anyone this one did not work for. I guess the negative reviewer is the first I have heard of. I highly recommend this to anyone who likes a fresh fragrance
Great tasting bar. Nice and soft make it easy to eat
i love these bars. i've tried all the flavors and they're all pretty darned great. i eat them more for a snack than a meal because they aren't as filling as i'd like, but they're great for a snack or sugar craving
These were a great deal and they are the only diapers, other than Cruisers, that my son doesn't leak through. 
This is a great lumbar support for crappy car and office chairs.  Also check out Elaine Petrone's MIRACLE BALLS, which you can also use in the car and for other things.  The support is sturdy and has a mesh back, which helps to keep you cool and comfortable.  A GREAT deal for the cost
I really liked this product.  I am a late 30's woman whose skin is basically pretty good.  I have occasional mild breakouts and some blackheads, but even before I bought the Neutrogena microdermabrasion I would receive compliments on how smooth my skin is. But around age 35 I looked in the mirror and realized my skin was getting that middle-age dullness to it.  Unwilling to pay for a professional microdermabrasion, I decided to try the Neutrogena at home system.  
The Neutrogena Microdermabrasion cream is easy to apply.  The cream had the slightest pleasant smell, and was not sticky at all.  I used well less than a teaspoon, so a little goes a long way.  It was no problem to rinse it off my face with water, and the sponge was very easy to clean as well.  The treatment took me less than 10 minutes, fit in easily to my bedtime routine, and after the initial start-up treatments you only need to do it a couple times a week.
My skin definitely felt softer, smoother and more invigorated.  I could notice a difference after only one treatment.  But the real proof came from the way my husband did a double take a couple days later and commented that I looked younger.  (He didn't know about the microdermabrasion.)  And even my 6 year old daughter told me my face looked pretty.  There was a clear and noticeable difference--after only a few treatments my middle-aged dull skin had definitely gotten back some of its youthful glow, and the few large pores I have did appear smaller.
Being lazy, I have not incorporated it into my regular routine like I should, but I do pull it out a few days before special occasions, vacations, or anytime I feel the need for a little brightening up, and will definitely always keep it on hand.
If you have particularly sensitive skin, this may not be a great product for you, as it is a bit, well, abrasive.  For me, it was a painless process, and I would highly recommend it to anyone looking to give their skin a more youthful glow
It's all in your technique (which took me many trials to learn)
If you have had professional microdermabrassion then you will know how much scrubbing and pressure you will need to apply on your face. The crystals are abrasive and if you do not have the proper techniques you will hurt your face. I use the crystals in pure form ONCE a week (without the vibrating mechanism) BEFORE BEDTIME. These are the steps I do that WORK FOR ME. You may have a different system that might WORK FOR YOU.
1.	Thoroughly wash face with cleanser (I use Neutrogena facial liquid soap) and rinse well.
2.	While still damp, I use crystals to thoroughly exfoliate my face avoiding eye area. I go around in QUICK circular motion while applying pressure for 1 minute.
3.	I rinse quickly and use Neutrogena Deep Clean Cream Cleanser to get all the crystals out since crystals are difficult to get out(it is also soothing).
4.	(Its not over yet) After patting my face dry I follow up by using Neutrogena Pore Refining Mask. It's a cooling gel that you keep on for 5 mins to tighten pores. Rinse off and pat dry.
5.	I do not put anything else on my face before sleeping.
My face comes out really fresh, soft and smooth. The next morning I just use the cream cleanser to wash.
Compared to the first humidifier I got from walmart, this cute cow is absolutely quiet and working just perfect. Oh, well I just got it yesterday so it's too early to say perfect, but considering others' reviews, I am pretty confident that I am gonna love it longer than at the first sight.
The only thing is I don't know where to put it. The power cord has to be plugged into a wall socket and the cord is not long. I am a little concern that the nearby stuff such as my wood chair or chest, or even other electrical appliances will get damaged by surrounded with the emitting mist all the time
I have two penguin humidifiers which I purchased a couple of months ago. For the money I think these are great and simple to use. I did not have any problems with leakage--the key is to make sure that the top is on securely. Also, some minor dripping is to be expected when you take the penguin body off the base--just carry a washcloth with you--no problem.
Super quiet. I think it is just the right size for a bedroom. Easy to clean and fill. I had tried others (honeywell and vicks) and this is by far my favorite
We all have very pale skin in my family, and these are great little "I forgot to put on sunscreen" helpers!  I keep one in the car, one in my purse, etc., so we are never without one.  Excellent product, and easy to use
This is the best shaver I have ever owned and I wish it was still available
this is 100 percent plastic, makes me nervous dealing with it.  The variable sprays are nice, one is so wide it shoots outside the shower.  make sure you crank on this when fixing it to the water pipe.  I really had to tighten it to keep it from leaking.  One other reader snapped hers on the install, I was afraid the same would happen.  It is a good shower head, not great
This is the last hair straightener you will every buy. Heats up quickly and straightens long, thick and even curly hair in minutes. Haven't stopped receiving compliments since I started using it.
I love this product. I have thick hair and the ceramic plates are very wide wich allow you to staighten your hair quickly. Does an awesome job
I am having the same problem.  I ordered this product from Amazon on August 26.  It is now October 26.  I have not recieved it yet.  I have never had this problem with Amazon before.  I may have to cancel my order too and go somewhere else.  It is a shame, because Amazon does have the best price I have found so far.  I gave it 5 stars only because I had to give it a rating.  I wanted to be fair to the company, but I have honestly never used one
This item is great. It holds shampoo and conditioner, or whatever liquids you need in the shower, and also has a handy basket that I use to keep the shower spray cleaner and my shaving cream. The handy hooks hold my razor and my washcloth. Really cuts down on the clutter and puts everything in one place. However, I had to buy this item from another vendor because Amazon kept delaying shipment. After the delays had exceeded a month, I finally cancelled my order and went elsewhere. Good product, bad transaction
The monitor is relatively cheap, easy to use, and mostly accurate. The one gripe I have is that if I take my pulse 3 times in one minute or less the rate can range by up to 40 points! Usually, this is not a problem. I tend to check it 3 times and average the 3 which is sufficient for my purposes.
I had been using a spring scale for years and it was fine until I went to a friend's house and saw what I was missing. I put that scale on my wish list that day. This is a lightweight , fairly compact  scale with "on/off" "tare" and "grams/ozs." buttons. it has a clear, plastic,removable bowl for measuring and says it can weigh up to about 3lbs. and down to 1/4 oz. I like it for its slim design its ease of use and for its easy clean up
I bought an epilator because I was tired of shaving my legs and waxing was just too expensive for me.  I've had my epilator for several weeks now and I am already seeing amazing results!  
I used it for the first time on my legs.  I'm not going to lie...It was painful.  I just made sure to go slowly, pausing every few inches, and making sure my skin was pulled as tightly as I could get it.  Eventually, I was able to get most of the thick, dark hairs off of my legs.  
**Please know that the Epilator is not an immediate "cure-all".  Hair grows in stages, so as soon as you get rid of some hairs, several more grow in behind them.  (Eventually you can probably get rid of most to all of them, but it will take some time.)  Because of this, it is good to try epilating a couple of times a week.  Since it's winter, I just let it all grow out so that the Epilator can get more hairs.  However, when new hair grows in, I am finding that they are thinner and blonde instead of dark brown.  It doesn't hurt nearly as much to pull those out!  I also know that I'll be able to do this in the spring and summer because the hair is lighter.  My legs are smoother and I don't get razor burn!  Right after epilating, sometimes I do experience a little irritation but, unlike razor burn, it goes away after just a short time.    
Another neat thing is that, unlike waxing, the Epilator can grab the teeny tiny almost invisible hairs.  This gives your skin a smoother feel and it gets hairs at the beginning stages of growth!  I used to have to wait two weeks or so for my hair to grow long enough to be waxed.  Now, I get smoother skin just about whenever I want to!    
I was a little nervous at first about spending money on a product I had not heard much about.  With the exception of the few reviews I read online, I was pretty much in the dark.  I went ahead and went for it, then realized that this thing paid for itself in about two weeks!  Not only have I epilated my legs, I have also used it under my arms, on my upper lip, and on my bikini line.  The results have been better than I could have imagined!!  
Again, I'm not going to lie...OUCH!!!!!  Epilating under my arms hurt initially and they were sore for a few days (I have very thick hairs).  However, I got the majority of the hairs and after the first time, I realized that I'm never going to have to shave again!  Yes, some little blonde hairs grow back, but they are ALL thinner and much less painful.  In fact, sometimes it tickles a little.  :o)  I epilate there once to twice a week (about a five minute job if you're being careful, two if you're in a hurry) and I have smoother underarms!  
I used to get my upper lip waxed about once a month.  Now I just epilate.  It hurts, but just for a second.  Plus, I keep up with it so instead of 50 hairs being pulled at once with hot wax, I only need to pull 5-10 each time.    
**A word of caution: Our skin is more sensitive in some areas, so if you choose to epilate around the bikini line, be careful.  I managed to give myself a burn from going too slowly with the rotating "blade".  Now I just make sure that I don't leave it in one place for more than a couple of seconds.  If I miss some hairs, I come back another time to get them.
This epilator comes with a little loufa pad to help reduce ingrown hairs (I've only had a few and the pad fixes them) and a little cleaning brush.  The epilator is very easy to clean.  The top (dark purple section) pops off and you run it under hot water.  When it dries, you put it back on.  **Note, the epilator does not store hairs inside of it.  When they are pulled out, they tend to either gather on the front of the epilator (I stop periodically to wipe them off) or they go flying.  I sit on a towel when epilating to catch most of the hairs.  
I hope this review was helpful to you with your decision about buying an epilator.  I am very satisfied with this product and I recommend it to anyone who has at least a little pain tolerance and really wants to get rid of hair stop having to shave all the time.  
**Are the few minutes of pain worth it???  ABSOLUTELY!  :o)
   
This is the best reacher I have ever used.  I am in a wheelchair due to MS and have used various types over the past 6 years but the quality and ease of use is much better with this.  
By far, the best hair straightener I have purchased. I have spent so much time, money and effort searching for a straightener that delivers results. I can now say that I have found it. I bought the 2" Turbo and it gets the job done on my course, naturally curly hair. One of my all time, favorite purchases. I never travel without it
I've had this product for almost a year now.  I have very thick, frizzy, hair and have spent my life getting it relaxed every six months, and blowing drying it straight.  I've never used a straight iron because they could never handle my hair.  But with this one, I have not needed a blow dryer since I got it!  Now my hair is straighter than it has ever been in my life, which I thought I would never see.  Of course this makes it very straight so I can't get any shape or curls from it(which is what I was going for). Cut my drying time by almost 2 hours (as long as I apply some protective serum on when still wet).  Great product and still going strong.     
I decided to buy this product before i read the reviews.  In my opinion the trays stay on better than the strip kind.  There is alot of whitening goo that you press into your teeth and it helps the trays stay in place.  The first morning the goo came totally out of my bottom tray but that was becuase i pressed too hard.  I havent had the problem since.  
I noticed a difference after 3 days and they are much whiter after 7 days.  My gums turned white if the whitening goo touched them for the full 45 minutes and felt tingly and hurt slightly.  The pick color returned within an hour. It really isnt as bad as the other reviewers make it seem.
All in all if you are looking for a product that works, this is a good one.  I was truly surprised at how well they worked.  I will be purchasing these in the future
I needed something to help me maintain my short hair inbetween barber shop appointments and this is a good thing to buy. My fiancee helps me keep the maitenence between my appointments
Never owned one of these electric jobs before. Could not believe how good it felt and how clean my teeth felt and looked. Hated brushing my teeth before and now I will look forward to the experience. Never wanted to spend the money before but now they are at an affordable price point. Why not have 2 and get all the different heads for a real professional clean? 
Everyone should have one.
This model has all the features of the Elite 9500 (2 brush heads, 2 cleaning modes, programmable quadpacer, and a guage to indicate about how much charge is remaining in the battery), but it's $12 cheaper from Amazon!
All the "programmable quadpacer" feature amounts to is the ability to leave it on for an extra (i.e., a fifth) 30-second interval, or the ability to turn the timer off so that it's just on/off.  I regard most of the features as functional ornamentation ("bells and whistles"), but the Elite 9800 also happens to be a dependable, super-lightweight model that will run a good three weeks on a charge with only one person using it.  I went on a three-week trip and didn't bother to pack my charger, and it had charge to spare when I got back.  NOTE: I always allow the NiCd battery run all the way down (to exhaustion) before charging it, and that enhances both the charge and battery life.  (NiCd's only have so many charge cycles.)
If this is your first electric, you might like the way it comes out of the box programmed to gradually ramp-up the power over the first fourteen brushings.
What's the difference between the 9800 and the 9500?  The models appear identical.  The only difference I found is that one comes in a box that says 9800, the other says 9500.  :-)  
This is my second Norelco Wet Shaver. So, yes, I like the product. Here's my rundown:
Pluses:
  - Good shave
  - Less razor burn
  - lot easier to insert packets (compared to my older model)
  - easy to clean
Minuses:
  - Hard to get that "patch" under your nose
  - Have to switch out an add-on to get sideburns straight
  - battery/power seem to wane at times
  - packets are expensive
I'm a cheap SOB, so here's my way of stretching out the life of the packets. Wet your face first with hot water, rinse your shaver with hot water and then squeeze out the lotion. Do a first pass shave. Rinse the shaver and do a second pass without the lotion with a wet face/shaver. Keep a blade on-hand to get the under-the-nose patch and your sideburns.
All-in-all doner likes
I have had other bath pillows that slid around or just were not comfortable, either itchy or not supportive at all.  This pillow is just right, and nice and soft, and hasn't gotten exceptionally dirty or moldy, which I was worried about
I already own a Syncopro Shaver so I decided to get one for my dad. He had been asking about electric shavers for a couple of weeks prior to me purhasing one for him. The reason I choose Braun is because I love my shaver and have never had any problems. Just keep it clean and buy the replacement parts when needed and you'll be ib great shape. I love the way it shaves nice and clean!!!! I trully recommend this product.
I took "My" unit to a monthly meeting for seniors.  Their machine broke & I took mine as a replacement.  They liked it so well, they had me buy this unit for the monthly meetings.  They like all the different aspects of the machine.  A suggestions could be to include a card that you could carry in your wallet & write down the date & the numbers from the machine? 
I have tried many contact lens solutions, and this one works the best for me.  Since switching to Acuvue 2 disposable lenses a couple of years ago, I noticed that my eyes did not maintain their moisture as well as with my former daily wear lenses.  Some solutions burned my eyes even after rinsing my lenses in saline, but the OptiFree is truly different for me, helping to clean my lenses daily and seemingly helping to maintain their flexibility and comfort all day.  Although I still rinse the OptiFree off of my lenses with saline before wearing them, I have found no irritation.  And, even better, daily rinsing and overnight storage in the OptiFree help me to extend the life of my disposable lenses for several weeks beyond what I could without using it.  That saves money because I have to purchase lenses less frequently.  Give it a try, especially at this price!  Wow
$10 bucks and does the job. You do need to adjust it every once in awhile but that's easy to do.
I've only had this scale for a short time, but so far so good.  I've found that in order to get a scale that is perfect or near perfect you have to spend a boat load of money. As someone before has mentioned the one drawback to this scale is that you have to set it back to zero every so often.  I specifically wanted to get an analog scale for this reason, with an inexpensive digital scale, which is what I had last, you can't reset it like you can an analog.  This scale is a great buy, for only $10 how can you go wrong!
And now a word from David Lynch, as spoken by Dean Stockwell as Doctor Yueh in DUNE: "The tooth. The tooooootttttttth. Remember the tooth."
Seriously, my daughter loves Dora the Explorer and my goals are to get her to brush her teeth for longer than two minutes.
I bought this Dora the Explorer battery powered electric toothbrush, and she does.
Game. Set. Match.
Best money I ever spent on simultaneous child and parent satisfaction.
When I tested this model on my finger, I was surprised at how powerful it was for a child-sized unit. This electric toothbrush decidedly will not rip her little gums off her skull, but the teeth definitely get a good scrubbing.
Battery life is okay, I estimate it costs about � a cent for her to brush her teeth each time. The future value of that expenditure is far lower than the dental bills I'd otherwise have, so this is a money saving unit.
If your child in a member of the Dora cultus, this is one of the better items to own
This small flosses is great. To get the most out of it make sure you use the string floss and not the plastic ones that comes with it.
The little plastic floss can break and get stuck between your teeth. Happened at least couple of times so I switch to the string floss
To start - I miss my hair. Last september I cut my hip length hair to mid back, and then in december to just at the shoulders, and then again to the chin in January - and from January through June I trimmed it regularly to keep it that length. (I've been getting rid of the henna that was in my hair - I couldn't get it out via any other method tried except "growing out"). My hair grows kinda slow now too - it used to grow faster, but I suppose everything slows down the older you get.
My last cut was late June - and it was at mid to upper neck length  - basically a little bit longer than the chin length cut, and then layered. That got rid of the really saturated henna'd hair - so I was ready to start growing it out. After much digging around online I came across hair 37 and all the reviews on it - both good and bad. I gave it a shot - got my pills in the first week of July and started taking them. Last night - maybe it was wishful thinking, but I noticed a difference in the hair length - it seemed it'd picked up a little length a little extra quickly - and then my boyfriend commented on it later that day. He knows I've been working to go back to my natural hair color - and there's a noticeable demarcation line from the henna and the natural hair color. Last night he looked at me and said "Hey wow - you're hair's really grown - I can see a half inch more of the roots! Wow - you're hair is getting dark!"
I was pretty pleased with that - not bad for just 2 weeks on the vitamins! I can't wait to see how it is in another 2 weeks, come August - if I have another 1/2 inch to add to it, I will definitely be reordering these pills!
But a side note, from previous reviews and my own experience... it's a lot of pills to take - but make sure you keep up with them every day. I find taken a stage one pill at morning and afternoon, and then dividing up the stage 2 pills into 3 doses of 2 pills throughout the day works very well.
Hi,
I'm not a "review" person, but when I read the existing reviews, I felt like doing this.
I used this product for 2 months and I must tell you that it really WORKS!
I'm hispanic-black woman (dominican) with relaxed fine hair and my hair grows normally, but only neck-chin lenght, no further than that. With this product I achieved a maximum growth rate and now my hair is leaving behind the accustomed lenght.
I bought again the product to see how longer it can grows!!!
I've been completely sincere with you...I'm not a staffer of this product company, I'm a real and very happy user!!!
Hope this comment will be helpful for other women. I have only one last thing to say: Try it!!!! It worked for me..
Excellent price and quick shipping. This was the best available for 3.4 oz size
I am in my early 30's and have been experiencing severe and embarassing break-outs along my jaw line, chin and cheeks for the past couple of years.  I have tried Murad, Proactiv, AcneFree and many other systems without success.  
A month ago I picked up the Neutrogena system when I saw it on sale. Within five days days my skin started to clear.  Now, I have a completely clear complexion and have not had a single break-out since starting the system. I have had no problems with drying and my skin is much softer than before.  Finally, a product that works and comes at a decent price!  
This is the best affordable acne solution that ive ever used. I had acne on my forehead and the acne started to get smaller and even the acne on my cheeks just disappeared the next morning. On the box there is a sticker that said that it works faster than proactiv solution and its right! Proactiv takes like 2 weeks to work but this works over night. The only minor thing about it is when you put on the overnight acne control lotion, it starts feeling like its harding into a mask on your face. It feels like its restricing muscle movement on your face. Its no biggy because it works and it washes right off in the morning when im in the shower. I cant believe a little lotion can make such a difference. If you are looking for acne solution at a affordable price then this is exacly what you are looking for
I have seen these in catalogs before & didn't give them a second thought.  Then one day when I was cleaning under & around all of my shampoo bottles, etc in the shower, it hit me that one of these might just consolidate all the shampoos/conditions & body wash that I have collected in my shower.  So, I ordered one a higher price & I am so thrilled that I am ordering one for the kids' bathroom where I had hubby put in an extra shelf just to hold all the shampoos etc.  Now it will all be in one place, not messy & out of the reach of my toddler!  
The other thing that I have noticed is that I don't use nearly as much shampoo as I did before - I get a few squirts & if that isn't enough, I get more - no more dumping a handfull of shampoo in my hand.  I know I use far less shampoo than I did before I had this so I am no longer wasting it!  
This is just the greatest concept & this product is very easy to keep clean & it works & looks great in the shower.
I would recommend this product to anyone!  & if you don't think you will fill up all four sections - get a smaller one but I found the 4 section one is just what I needed; one for clarifying shampoo, one for conditioning shampoo, one for conditioner & one for body wash.  No more bars or shampoos cluttering my bathroom
This dispenser is easy to install and works perfectly every time. After initially filling the dispensers, it took several pumps for the product to dispense but after that it comes out on the first push of the button. It has been very convenient in my shower and no more shampoo bottles all over the shower! It also saves on my shampoo because the kids just push the button twice to dispense the amount they need instead of pouring shampoo out of the bottles and using more than they need
Used to have a lot of liquid soap and shampoo get washed down the drain by my two kids... kids will be kids... but now they really like having their own dispenser buttons to push. Easy to mount and easy to use
I received this for Christmas from my Amazon Wishlist. I wanted to give it a couple of months of use before reviewing.
I was a long time user of Norelco shavers, but switched to a blade since I couldn't get a close enough shave. Now that the whiskers are mostly gray, you can't tell for a few days if I shaved or not, so closeness is no longer an issue. I typically use this shaver in the shower, and have noticed that if you wash your face first, it takes more of the Cool Skin creme to give a smooth, close shave. Just a hint, guys. For the most part this shaver does a good job of getting around the wrinkles, dimples and Adam's apple cleanly with very little drag. My only complaint is that the trimmer head is a separate attachment and that makes it difficult to trim the 'stash & sideburns while showering. Small complaint that doesn't remove any ratings stars. All in all a great shaver
(....).  It takes some getting used to, but after a couple of weeks it provides a very comfortable shave.  I got razor burn on my neck for the first couple weeks, but I think I was pressing too hard like I had to with my old razor.  Just a light touch gives a close shave.  The attachable sideburn trimmer doesn't do a very good job in my opinion, but I kept my old razor that worked better for that purpose.  The gel packs go pretty quickly, but maybe I'm using too much.  I'm still trying to get the hang of it.  It's a different experience than your basic razor
   This shaver replaced a Norelco Advantage (6 years old) that was shaving good but would no longer hold a charge for more than a couple of days.  I can't honestly say if it shaves as close as a blade because I haven't shaved with a blade in many years.  
    I have used foil shavers in the past (Braun and Panasonic) and though they might shave closer than a rotary the cost to replace the foils and the nicks that you get is not worth it.
    I have been using this shaver for about 3 months.  During that time I have charged it only twice including the initial charge and that is using it at least every other day.  At first I thought it was underpowered because it is so quiet but soon found out that it shaves much closer than my old Advantage which I thought was doing a great job.
   It shaves quick and close ( Personally I think as close as a blade).  When you are done shaving you just rinse it under the tap and let it dry. It doesn't get any easier than that. I have cleaned the heads once as stated in the instructions and that is easy too.
    The only con is I have dry sensitive skin and have not seen any difference between the 3 comfort settings. Use electric shave before shaving and I think that you will agree that it shaves as close as a blade without the irritation. 
 Highly recommended and worth the price. 
   
I ordered this parfum because it is really cheap. I received it 4 days after ordering, delivered very fast. The flavor is very nice, make me feel comfortable
Replacement blades are a must. The razor will remind you about once a year which is fine in most cases. But, if you have a heavy beard or shave more than once a day, as I do, then you should replace the blades every 8 months or so. The reminder on the razor is only a suggestion, not a command. After all, it does not know when the blades get dull. So, I simply ignore the reminder and replace the blades when I feel it is necessary.
One thing you must do is use the new blades for several days until they settle in and adjust to your skin. Until then you may have a little irritation. Another problem I have solved is the hair on my neck. I use to think the harder I press the razor, the better it would get those stray hairs. But, all I got was a rash. I discovered that if I simply use a very light touch and not press hard then it got those hairs much better and with no redness.
Replace your blades at least once a year and your face with thank you
We received these cards as a christmas gift.  They are very well made.  The quality is outstanding.  Some have beads on them and some have details that you cannot get on a card without spending a fortune for them.  Well worth it to buy them.  You won't be disappointed! 
THESE BATTERIES ARE USED NON-STOP, ONE SET IN AND ONE ON THE CHARGER. NO PROBLEMS WOULD BUY AGAIN !
It's useful.  Not the prettiest, but it makes reading more comfortable, especially for those times when you don't feel like sitting all proper at the table or desk
My fiance (now wife) and I have been looking for a workable solution for the hair down under.  She has tried waxing - too painful - and shaving would cause a lot of bumps and irritation, even with the Shick Intutition.  Her pubic region was basically living on Neosporen, Bikini Zone, and Gold Bond (not together and not in any particular order).  We also tried scissors, but that was hard to negotiate, if you will, in the more intimate of areas.  At this point she was seriously thinking laser hair removal, but wasn't ready to pony up the $$ and commit to an irrevocable decision.  Although, based on the other posts here and accepted fashion trends, I highly doubt that an "au natural massive overgrowth" will be in style.
The trimmer is great.  Yes, Amazon should take down the photo of the storage pouch.  Yes, it won't get you totally smooth or bald.  But it is a well built TRIMMER, which is painless and easy to use.  You can adjust the length you want, and you can easily work around the more sensitive and intimate southern locations.  
Just take it easy around the labia minora and remember to use a mirror.  If you want the smooth look, use this handy device before you break out the razor and shaving cream/lotion. It makes it much easier and cuts down on irritation.
I suppose, although we have no interest in it, that you can get creative with styling your pubic hair into shapes and designs.  Hey what ever works for you and/or you an your partner
I take two of this product before bed and it relaxes me and helps me sleep
The satin finish and the design are very attractive.  I had to pump each chamber about 100 times to get it primed but after that it worked great.  You might want to prime it with water instead of shampoo to get things going.  The directions, which I lost, said something about priming.
Installation was easy.  It includes both glue or 4 short adhesive strips.  I went with the adhesive strips and it seems secure.  I figured if I ever have to remove it, I could just pull it off and use Goof Off to remove the adhesive.
If you fill one of the chambers with body soap, I recommend Neutrogena Rainbath Refreshing Shower and Bath Gel, Original Formula and a natural sponge.  I bought a synthetic sponge that looks like a natural one at Wal-Mart and it's a little rough
I bought this to try it out based on a friend's recommendation.  Previously I'd always packed a couple old ratty towels with the dog's stuff before heading to the lake or the beach.  Now I only need one towel and it dries like you'd never believe.  I have a 65 pound dog that loves the water.  I make him shake the water off himself (a trick as important as sit or lay down when you have a dog this big) then I towel him dry in less than a minute.  I now own 3 of these towels and have purchased them for just about anyone I know with a dog that gets wet.  We live in Seattle so not only are we surrounded by lakes other bodies of water, but we have rainy winters.  Having one of these towels hanging behind the door with the coats was a god send this winter as well.  I can't speak enough praise about this towel.  Though a $30 pricetag for a meer towel could seem daunting, believe me when I tell you this is worth it.  You'll end up buying two
Okay, I haven't owned a new hair dryer for over 25 years, but I must say, this one is exactly perfect and has everything I would ever want in a hair dryer.  It has a retractible chord and is and dries my hair quickly, leaving it soft and frizz-free.  I highly recommend this product
The best price around for this type massager.  Price was my main reason for the purchase.  Mine does heat up, but the massager does have to be running for a few minutes before you notice it.  The programmable feature is nice as well as the many variable speeds.  I would highly recommend it. 
Just received this massager and my wife and I can't stop massaging each other with it. Especially great deal for the special Amazon price. I've been wanting one of these for years because I can hardly feel those little hand held ones (that just fit in the palm of your hand). Glad I splurged.
Only problem is that Amazon site says "7 heads", Item description says "6 heads", and actul product only included 5 heads. The one missing, from the picture on the box, is the "Acu Point" heads. I'm guessing that's why it's on sale? Still worth it if you get it on sale. Great massager.
I have tried lots of protein powders.  I get online the low-carb, low-calorie protein powders as I am just trying to put on muscle and it is hard to find one that you can stomach.  I was stuck on Champions Whey (Chocolate) for the past year as the best but I just got my shipment of the Gold Standard - Cookies & Cream and it is AMAZING!  I love this stuff.  I tried it with fat free milk in just a shaker bottle and it was tremendous.  I am going to have this before and after my daily workout, but best yet, rather than binging on any ice cream desires late at night, I am going to get a scoop of fat free frozen vanilla yogurt, put a scoop of this in with some fat free milk and I have my fat free protein shake
I've used hot air brushes for a couple years.  This works better than my last.  The low setting and the larger brush works better for me.  The high setting blows the hair off the bristles.  It's nice having the small brush option for different styles though.  I believe my hair stays styled longer and without as much work and injuries using a hot air brush versus a curling iron
So far, these fit the bill. Just used them for the first time--find that they are easy to put on, and comfortable--and better yet, don't interfere with jewelry as they would if they hung off a chain/rope/string
Very convenient to use. However, since the neck band is rigid and does not fold, it is difficult to carry
Excellent product. Works well.
Only problem is that the container holding water could be bigger
I have to write a review for the below review (the one I have in quotes). The below reviewer states this is 170 Watts and you need 1875 watts. I nearly fell off my seat! Not only by the review but by how many people recommended it! FIRST, 100 watts is average for a hair straighter. 170 watts is excellent! 1875 would melt your hair! I did not think it was fair that this person rated the item without having knowledge on wattage. 
"This straightener only has 170 watts of heating power. That is not a very good number! If you want salon-straight hair you need a ceramic straightener with 1875 watts... especially if you have thick or very frizzy hair!
I love this straightener!  I have had two other straighteners including one from a salon that cost over $80 and this one works much better then either of the other two.  All my friends also love it and are always asking to barrow it
I never thought that I could get my hair straight enough to actually like it.  Until I found this VS Sassoon straightener.  It is THE BEST!!  I use it all the time and I love the way that it makes my hair look shiny and feel feather soft.  I would tell anyone with wavy or curly hair who wants super straight, soft hair, to use this product.  You can't go wrong!
I used this product and can't say enough good things about it. My friend bought it for me for my birthday and it was fun and easy to use and I lost 30 pounds in 6 months and I was never hungry. I ate at restaurants and always managed to find a perfect menu in my DietMate. I love it.  thank yo
CliC Eyewear is a thoroughly convenient way to wear reading glasses. I keep them with me hung around my neck all the time.  The glasses are made well.  Almost every person who sees me click them together wants to know where I got them
Very convenient to use. However, since the neck band is rigid and does not fold, it is difficult to carry
My husband bought three pairs of these glasses, and they are the only pair that he hasn't lost yet.  He absolutely loves them.  Just keep them around his neck all day and clips them together for quick use.  I think they look funny; but who cares- they are convenient and a great product
The only sunglass reading glasses I could find, plus because they can hang around the neck I don't forget where they are
For the last 15 years I have been a manual razor user.  I decided to try an electric razor and after researching found the Norelco 7745X to be just what I wanted.  I can say that I am glad I did.  It is very quiet and the lotion dispenser definitely makes shaving a joy
I bought this vaporizer several weeks ago. I feel better after I use this. It created steam very fast (about 2-3 minutes after plugging). You may have to fill some salt to make it create a lot of steam. However, a lot of steam means the water will decrease rapidly so if you want to use this vick for a long time(about 12-20 hours), you may not need to use salt
We only use Seventh Generation laundry products now. It is amazing how much better our clothes feel with these products. The baby detergent gets the babies very dirty clothes very clean in our front loader
A good product, to be sure...I've used Seventh Generation's other laundry detergents and have been very pleased. This "review" is however a cautionary: while it states on Amazon that each bottle cleans 40 loads, it is only rated for 18 loads. Just a heads up! 
[note: I tried to notify Amazon about this but their system for corrections is inoperable at the moment. Thus, this "review"
My first Aquis mitt was rectangular. I like this one better.  Rounding the edges makes sense since it is meant to be worn on the hand.  Aquis microfiber is the only fabric I use on my face. It is gentle on the skin, yet cleans more thoroughly than anything else I have used. (I find it amazing that both attributes apply to the same fabric!)
If the manufacturer is listening, I would like to be able to buy the mitts in sets of 2. This would be perfect for bathing baby/children. There is a slit in the seam, on the thumb side, so your thumb can protrude. You can grip/lift without removing your mitts. Some size choices (S/M & L/XL) would be nice, as this mitt would not fit a large man's han
The roller balls are excellent!  The rolling action and three different speeds are excellent as well.  The only drawback is the mesh over the pillow.  It is abrasive to the skin.  I have had to put a thin pillow case on top of it and that solved the problem.  The only other problem is it has a hard area where your head lies so you must make sure you are situated properly.  Other than that, it is the best machine on the market I have found and I have tried many
Casein is a great, long-lasting protein, perfect for right before bed as its aminos are release more slowly than whey.  Casein, in general, is bland (think no fat, no salt, cottage cheese), and harder to mix than whey.  Optimum Nutrition has here a decent casein, that is not too bad tasting and mixes better than most every other casein I've tried.  The price is ok, but I'd like to see it cheaper (who wouldn't?).  I mix it with whey and use it throughout the day.  I have tried and rejected the chocolate flavor
Yes it is pricey but worth it.
I tried the Gilette skin care and liked it. At that point, $5 bucks for 1.7 ounces felt crazy. So when I bought this I thought I must be mad. But for my skin it works fantastic. It also has the distinct advantage of how it dispenses. You get a controlled amount unlike a tube by pressing down on the top. Yes you can not see how much is left. But I have had tubes that are not clear and you are in the same boat. At least here you have the best possible non-clear dispenser you could get.
I have always had good skin so I do not need that much to have good results. It is not greasy nor does it have much of a fragerence. It leaves my skin feeling smooth and has made shaving easier and smoother. Probably the Q10 is a bunch of hype. And yes I usually buy Sauve or 'Swiss formula' which are much less pricey.
I can get 2 months out of 1.7 ounces. Under $4 a month to feel great and help protect my skin? Worth it to me
I've had other razors and believe me, this one is the most reliable on I've had! It works well, does NOT hurt? (maybe the people who had one that pinches or hurts them got a bad one?) A feature I like and use often is the head pops up to cut longer hair...unfortunately at times I need this before I use the regular cutter. Battery life is acceptable, power is good, and just a few swipes is all you need. You really can't compare a blade razor to an electric- they are not yet comparable for cutting or time used. This razor, however, has a better level of shaving than other electrics, closer to a blade than the others. In convenience an electric is much better than any blade- you can use it anywhere, dry, just sittin' around
Amazon still hasn't quite figured out how to ship these... mine arrived with one case broken open, although the whole thing had been stuffed in a clear garbage bag
I have Pergo and cannot get it too wet or the floor will bubble.  The Swiffer Wet cloths are the perfect solution. They're so incredibly easy to use and there are no water spills to watch out for once you're done.  I hate that I'm consuming a product that is so disposable, but at the same time, it works so well
Adds a great fragrance to the room. We bought several different scents and placed them throughout the house. It's a different smell in every room. What a pleasant change from smelling the pets.
This was almost too strong for me at first.  I put it on the lower level of the house and it took away that "basement" smell for months.  I was impressed with the "throw" this thing had.  I would definitely repurchase. 
I bought this item because I was going to Europe for a month. I didn't want the hassle of using a voltage converter because you can only use one electric item at a time, unless you buy more than one converter kit. You do need a plug adaptor, (these are relatively inexpensive), then you just switch the voltage, plug it in and it works great. I used it in Switzerland, France and Italy. When I came home to the States I just switched the voltage back and I now use it at home. It is small and takes up very little space in the suitcase. I would recommend it for anyone in need of a hair dryer traveling abroad
I purchased this hair dryer for an unusual reason:  my old 1875 watt Conair was actually too much wattage for my bathroom (the circuit kept tripping), so I was actually looking for a dryer with LESS wattage.  However, I didn't want to sacrifice power, as I hoped not to have to devote any additional drying time to my shoulder-length hair.
So far, I've been pleased with this hair dryer.  It does seem a bit louder than my previous model--not obnoxiously so, just a higher, more concentrated fan noise.  The dryer is extremely light and compact; it's actually smaller than my folding travel dryer.  It is very basic, with a choice of high/low settings only (there is no heat/cool option), but it seems to dry my hair just as efficiently as my old higher-wattage dryer.  
Overall, this is a very good basic hair dryer which gives you a wide variety of use options for a great price
This is a great little dryer if you travel, or just for home use.Well worth the price.
Cookiema
Compared to the Conair 1,600W I have used for the past seven years or so it sounded incredibly loud and high-pitched when I first turned it on, but you may have a high-pitched blow dryer now--compared to my old Conair--and won't notice a difference. It doesn't have a cold air feature, which many women use regularly to either finish off their styling or to cause less damage to the hair; or like me, in the summer when the option of switching from hot to cold is preferable. These two drawbacks, especially having only the hot at high or low setting, is why I give it four out of five, instead of five out of five star rating. 
Pluses: price--for $13 it can't be beat for the frugal shopper; efficiency--it blowdries my hair a bit faster than the Conair did though I don't understand the science behind that; appearance--it's cute and compact; weight--a toddler could wield this blow-dryer with ease; carrying ease--small enough to fit neatly in just about any drawer or a crammed gym bag, under the sink, et cetera. 
I haven't had this long enough to rate how durable it is, so I hope someone who's owned one for at least a year comes on to write, "it's still going strong.
This is an exceptional value for an exceptional dryer.  I have paid alot more for more well known, brand named dryers.  I have long THICK hair and this product dries my hair in half the time other dryers have done in the past.  Buy this hair dryer, you won't be sorry
I appreciate the gentle, yet powerful cleaning of All Free Clear Allergen Detergent.  I have an infant & find this cleans her clothes & ours well without leaving any harsh irritants, so it's easier to do the family's laundry all together
Great tasting bar. Nice and soft make it easy to eat
I have been very satisfied with the monitor.  It is easy to use and seems to be quite accurate.  I was disappointed to find when I opened the box that there were no instructions included.  A quick phone call had them on the way.  I was able to use it without the instructions but could not set the time, etc.  All-in-all it is a quite satisfactory device
 I have used the unit for about two weeks, with NiMH rechargable batteries installed, and it performs as advertised. There is, in my opinion, a design flaw: the Start/Stop button acts as the power on{off function, and is easily depressed at unwanted times, e.g. putting into or removing from the case.  They could/should have included an AC adapter
This parfum is the most superlative of fragrance that hit the liquid stands today and for decades to come. It has such an amazing aroma it almost makes you want to eat it! It is by far, in my zestfull opinion the odoriferous maximus of profumo! I give this bold Majesty of the monarchy, the (il Duce)! FIVE STARS "*****"
I purchased the Sound Therapy Radio to take on a trip.  My roommate is a snorer, and I figured I needed the sound. I tried it out at home and liked it.  It has a good variety of sounds and is easy to figue out how to use. The alarm and clock are added goodies for me as I was looking for a sound machine that was small and light enough for travel.  It was a good buy for my purposes. 
I like the portability and adjustability of this mirror.  It takes up little space and can be stowed away very compactly.  It serves my needs very well.  I was disappointed that only the magnifying mirror is lit.  I tend to use the normal mirror more often.  The other is the clock loses it's setting when I stow it away.  It has to be reset and left out if you were really wanting to use the clock feature.  As far as I am concerned...I was looking for a mirror and really could care less about the clock
My husband and I love this thermometer for our own use - let alone the grandkids! It's fast, easy, and reliable. Highly recommend it
I tried the ear thermometers and NEVER could get them to work.  
Our pediatrician used one of these "rub across the forehead" kind at her office during a checkup and said it was as accurate as the ear kind and MUCH easier to use ... especially when kids have earaches (... grabbing an itty-bitty earlobe and sticking that hard end into the swollen, sore ear canal??? ... ouch.)
With a minute's practice (after reading the instructions), you get the hang of using it and never dread checking temperatures again
I have been using this razor for about 6 years now, probably as long as they have been out. They may be pricey but well worth it. I used to use disposables and nicked/cut my legs almost every time. I switched to these and have maybe nicked my legs very little. It is so quick and easy to use, and my legs are much smoother than they ever were with disposables and shaving creams. They do only last for 3-5 shaves, but if you figure in the price of disposables and shaving cream, it's probably not that much more expensive
This has helped my wife and I to lower our cholesterol.  I take it in conjunction with Red Yeast Rice Extract(this must be taken at night) because my numbers are very high.  My wife's numbers are right on borderline.  We took blood tests before and after using it and have seen great improvements.  My numbers went down 37 points in a few months and my wife's numbers went down about half of mine.  (I also take double the dose she does.)  It's a great way to keep healthy, naturally.  My father-in-law started using it and has seen improvements, also.  His dangerous PSA numbers (prostrate) even dropped radically.  We don't know if that was due to the fish oil-but he believes it was.  His dr. said he'd never seen numbers drop that much.  We tell just about everyone we know about it. 
Recommend it. Suppressed my appetite the first day. When I got hungry it took a few bytes to feel full again
I just started taking this pill because I don't have time to eat at the job I was previously at.  It helped a lot!! I did lose 8 pound in 1 week. But when I started an office job, I had more than enough time to eat, but I still kept up with taking the pill.  It helps with my hunger, it really does.  I used to be so hungry and fill up my plate more than I can eat!  Now since taking this pill I am sensible with my portions and do not rush to eat as if I'm starving like before.  I agree with one of the reviews, if you still eat when you're not hungry, this pill will not help you.  You have to have the in mind that you want to help yourself eat better, slower and sensible portions. 
I have not been overweight for many years, but I still have that last 5-10 pounds that just will not stay off. I have several issues with eating - I tend to eat very large portions when I am really enjoying a meal, I snack a lot, and I have a major sweet tooth. This product has taken care of all 3 problems.
I am currently taking 1000 mg 3 times a day. I plan to cut back a little once I'm at my target weight. I find that this dosage will generally suppress my appetite and/or urge to eat for 3-6 hours. 
It's odd for me to experience hunger without cravings and a frantic urge to eat...but that's what the pills do for me. Most of the time I can tell I'm hungry only because my stomach is growling and it has been several hours since my last meal...but I don't feel like I have to eat anything right away. I can go grocery shopping when I'm hungry and not make poor choices, and even when I finish up at the gym after work I don't feel ravenous anymore.
I definitely get full faster. It doesn't feel like it used to when I overate, I just can tell I've eaten enough and I stop. What a concept! And often I can just have a bite or two and be good for another 30-60 min if I'm too busy to sit down and eat. 
My urge to snack has really been curbed. I still have one or two snacks most days, but they are much smaller and often more healthy. Now I can actually stay up several hours past dinner without making another mini-meal, which I used to do almost every night.
Hoodia does not completely kill my appetite, it suppresses it quite a bit but more than anything it takes away all of my cravings. That is definitely my favorite part - I used to crave sugar from morning until night practically every day. Since my first day on these pills, the only time I've had sweets is when someone has offered me something. I'm able to eat just a little and not wish for ten times more. It does not occur to me to go to the vending machine at work anymore, or buy candy when I'm shopping. 
Maybe even more than the weight loss, the emotional benefits of these pills are incredible for me. I'm no longer berating myself constantly for overeating or having too much candy or dessert. I'm not depressed all day anymore because my favorite pants have gotten snug, and all I can think about is why I don't have the willpower to prevent it.
I would DEFINITELY recommend this product, especially to anyone who has issues with food like I do
This protein is unbelievable. I have tried *many* different brands/varieties and this is without a doubt one of the best out there. It doesn't have the characteristic nausiating whey smell or taste, it's not too sweet, mixes lump-free in cold or piping hot water and packs a punch with 23g of easily digestable protein per scoop. Once you try it, this stuff will definitely become a staple in your pantry.
It cost a little more, but it's worth it.  It keeps the last 5 temperatures so you can compare
I have a preemie who's temperature needs to be monitored pretty much constantly.  At every diaper change we were taking axial temps with one of those standard digital thermometers.  TORTURE!  Took forever and baby screamed her head off the whole time.  Then my sister got this thermometer for us and it is fabulous.
What we like:
1. When baby is screaming, the light blinks and then goes solid when temp is done, great when you can't hear the beep.
2. It truly does take a second unless baby is thrashing about.
3. Produces a long beep when you are taking your own temperature, no guesswork about when it's finished which is an improvement over earlier models.
What we don't like:
1. Preemies have TINY ear holes.  So we have had to wait till our baby's ear was big enough to be able to use this thing.
2. The lens covers are a pain to switch out and keep on hand, it would be nice if there were a way to just sanitize the lens after each use.
3. We see a discrepancy of almost one degree between the left and right ear which makes us question the accuracy somewhat.  The enclosed brochure explains various causes of this, but that doesn't help when trying to determine what exactly your baby's temperature is.
We have done both the axial and ear temp and found that the right ear on our baby corresponds with the digital thermometer's reading on her armpit.  However, the enclosed chart shows the variances between oral, rectal, axial, and ear temperatures which make it somewhat confusing.  So we alternate between the digital and the ear thermometer just to be sure.
I personally WOULD recommend this thermometer for older babies and kids, just be sure that you test it out when kids are healthy to figure out your baseline and what is normal.  It takes some investigation to develop your method based on what your needs are, but it is a nice, quick to use product and my family LOVES using it for adult temperature readings.  We think we will be happier with it when baby is bigger and we are using it for sick readings only
As a tape measure, it does what it says it does. You press a button and the tape tightens around your body part. You won't have to worry about, "Did I hold the tape tigher last time?" as the tension is always the same for consistent measurements every time. The tape starts measurement at 2" since the tape casing holds the tape and that part measures around 2 inches. I think this tape is accurate plus-or-minus half-an-inch but it sure beats a regular tape measure since at least the button ensures that each time the tape wraps around you at the same tension level
at first i didn't quite get how great this shaving cream is because you have to work a little harder to get it to lather than the other shaving creams or gels i had been using. but once it breaks into a lather, it's great. plus it lasts at least 3 times longer than regular cans of shaving cream/gel. i'm buying this from now on
I was amazed at how well this device worked and how easy it was to setup out of the box. The best part, naturally, is how well it worked on clearing out my clogged nasal passages. I feel refreshed everytime I used it. It took awhile to get the drainage to stop, but I am glad I purchased this system. It works
First of all, let me say this product is great in almost every way. So if you need to feel better about your nose and/or throat, go for it.
My main complain about the Grossan Hydro Pulse is that it is noticeably expensive. Some time ago, Grossan was making just his own irrigator tip matching it to a Waterpik machine that cost a half the price of the Hydro Pulse. But then, Grossan decided to produce his own machine and, if I'm right, Viajet is making it for him. Viajet sells the same machine, except for the Grossan tip, at about -again- a half the price of the Hydro Pulse.  The Breathe-ease solution that you might use along with the irrigator is also expensive (I have check this comparing it with a simillar product that can be purchased in my country).
So what makes the Hydro Pulse so expensive? Maybe health is a business, after all.
Other than that, like I have said, this product is great for almost any respiratory problem. I used to irrigate my nose with a similar solution that comes in a 135 ml bottle, and is intended to use it over 50 times. The Hydro Pulse lets you do a 500 ml clean everytime, so you get the idea.
Also, if you are suffering respiratory problems and want to chek an interesting drug-free treatment, look for the Buteyko Method
Product is exactly what you would expect.  I have been using it for 2 months 3-5 times a day with great success.  I would buy it again knowing how well it works
I'm not a sucker for advertising and I'm definitely not an impulse buyer.  But I did purchase a Schick Quattro razor some time ago to replace my old, tired blade.  And I've been satisfied thoroughly with it.  However, after needing some refills, I bought these Titanium Coated Blades.  Wow.  I didn't believe it at first but I actually took a new titanium blade and the regular Schick blades and (I can't believe I'm about to confess this...) did one of those hokey "side-by-side" tests.  This blade is excellent.  It is an upgrade above their standard blade and, to me, worth the difference in price
I've owned this item for about a year and it works great.  Comfortble to sleep several days in a row on and never had a problem with it deflating.  I recommend this item
After reading other reviews on air mattresses I was worried that this mattress would not last long before a leak developed.  But it's been over 2 months and so far so good.  I sleep on it every night, (I'm buying a real bed when I move in June) and it is holding up
Looking for something small and portable? This is Perfec
my kids love this it fades right into the next color they fall right to sleep watching it change its an awesome light i was very pleased and its not to bright like some light up the room its just perfect mom of a 3 and 5 yr old !!
this is exactly what i wanted--the last 1 i bought is over 10 yrs old and still going--i was afraid each day it would go out and could not find a replacement anywhere---you are a life--i mean, hair saver!!
diane in texa
I have 3 of the priva ultra waterproof sheet protectors and love the product! It saves washing the whole bed. Just put a draw sheet over the protector and it saves so much laundry. Washes and dries extremely well
I bought two of these for my son....hoping to wean him out of pull-ups at night, without having to strip the whole bed when there is an accident.  This pad is definitely leakproof.  The only con is that even though it says it has an anti-slip backing....that is not the case.  I have tried it with jersey sheets, and flannel sheets...but it does move alot and get bunched up.  So, I do end up having to strip the bed every now and then because the pad moved during the night.   If I had it to do over again, I would definitely buy the pad with the tuck-under flaps. 
Alka-Seltzer got it right and in a big way. Drink this and 20 minutes later your headache is gone and your stomach is settled so you can motor down to the local taco stand for some much needed nourishment. I prefer the regular flavor as opposed to the citrus.
B&B Styling Creme is absolutely the greatest hair product I have ever used.  Thanks for making it available on line
I bought the first mattress topper for myself and my husband.  After the first night I knew I wanted one to put in our RV too.  My husband complained about the smell when I unpacked the topper but that dissipates quickly and he too slept well and woke up without back pain for the first time in years.  He had me order one for his sister for Christmas. I thought my sister would enjoy this comfortable mattress topper so now I have purchased four!  This is a wonderful product.  I would recommend it to anyone
I am diabetic and I have been losing about 10 lbs per month for 6 months eating these bars as a between meal source of protein.  They satisfy my taste for something sweet and are filling.
I've used the Pigeon brand (I believe it's from Japan) milk storage bags- those are the best-quality bags I've ever used. Unfortunately, they're also very difficult to find. These Lansinoh bags are a good substitute at 1/3 of Pigeon's price. Not bad at all! My baby and I travel a lot so I bring along my stock of bmilk in these Lansinoh bags. No mishaps thus far. Highly recommended
I love these bags. They are easy to get out of the container, easy to open and close, and once the milk is in, they stand on their own. To be honest, I haven't tried other brands, so these may not be the only great ones
I've used this product with two of my children with out problems.  I have never had a leak unlike with some of the other brands.  Suggestions: Write the date on the bag before you start to pump or a nurse once suggested that you use labels.  Also, never fill the bag!  It's only meant to hold 6 oz.  
These bags are much thicker than the Gerber bags and they are the only ones to have the double zipper. I used these liners with my Avent Disposable system and standard bottles. 
I've gone through over 600 of these bags and I must say Amazon has the best price around
These bags are much sturdier and thicker than the Gerber bags.  You also don't have to cut the bags open after defrosting/heating them up.  Amazingly they are cheaper than the Gerber bags too!  I've used them for several months and haven't had one leak yet.  But I am pretty careful and store the milk bags flat in tupperware containers in the freezer
THIS IS A GREAT PRODUCT. I USE IT ON MY EYEGLASSES AS WELL AS MY COMPUTER SCREEN,TV SCREEN. RECOMMEND IT TO AL
I have used every diaper in the market and narrowed it down to pampers and huggies, I have a big 21 month old baby and been looking for the perfect night time diaper with no leaks!! My son still fits in the size % diapers but this is the one we specifically use at night and been really happy about it, no leaks, no gel coming out of the diaper and defintely a happy baby when he wakes up in the morning!
I used the Huggies Overnite diapers on my son at night until we started potty training.  I used to put absorbent inserts inside his pull-ups to get him through the night without leaks, but even that didn't work very well.  Finally, Huggies came out with an overnight pull-up - and it really works well!!!  Excellent product
I have had this straightener for a while, and I still have no complaints about it.  It is an affordable option for those looking for a pretty good straightener.  I love the heat settings... I only need to put mine on the second setting (338 degrees) for it to do a good job, and I have very thick wavy/curly hair.  I like the 1" because it allows me to flip out the ends of my hair, but I'm sure the 2" one is great too
I get this stuff for my husband.  He's got really thick hair and it has the tendency to get oily but this stuff makes his hair perfectly soft and shiny.  It's worth the money
I used the Remington twice up to now, and the bottom line it is a great machine, you will never need to lube it, and that is a big deal with clippers. its easy to clean, sharp and easy to work with
Wonderful for getting all of your trigger points in your back especially, but also in your neck and feet.  Your body feels so relaxed after using the TheraCane. 
I have had a number of surgeries and injuries over the years.  I see a chiropracter and a physical therapist every few weeks. Both of them work wonders, but then my body tightens up.  I can't afford to see them every day!  I bought the theracane because I saw someone else with one at a long distance cycling event.  Now I've purchased another 3 to share with friends.
It works!  This tool has helped me stay loose, and has taken away a lot of the shoulder stiffness that I have suffered for the past 7 years.  I suggest the addition of the trigger point therapy workbook, which will give you a lot of the details about the body and why/where it hurts.  But even if you don't want to study, you can still get lots of benefits from daily use of the theracane
The knots in my back - my "spots" never really go away due to posture and my work in front of the computer.  One day I asked a coworker what the odd green thing by his desk was.  He explained the concept, I tried it for about two seconds and immediately knew this was something special.   The leverage is perfect for zeroing in on your back knots and applying STRONG pressure to them - like having a strong friend digging their knuckle in and holding it there.  I bought one the next day.  You don't need an expensive vibrating massage wand that has all sorts of silly features - just this simple stick that can pinpoint and dissolve all your stress spots. 
   Its a nice little trimmer and not cumbersome at all like the remington trimmers. It has a cheap little organizer but as long as your not rough with it, it shouldnt break. Another benefit is that you can rinse all the attachments under hot water in addition to brushing the hair out prior to that to ensure a very clean trimmer.
   Just remember folks this is a trimmer not a wet blade or electric razor..it will leave a very fine layer of stubble which is fine by me. A man can still look neat if he shapes up the facial hair before reducing it to fine stubble. My shaving experience with this thing is pleasant...it does not pull hairs which is very refreshing for a trimmer. The only other device I never had/have that problem with is my braun 360 complete (parts of the year I shave, other parts of the year I trim). Its a very nice package and efficient. The only drawback is that it seems fragile...so be careful not to drop any part of this set
This is the razor to use!  Excellent product, does what is says
Lathers well, with a pleasant (subtle) scent.  Shipping costs spoil some of the fun.  You might consider BarclayCrocker, given its shipping and product costs
This is a fine, well lasting bar of soup that smells like sweet oranges--you will catch wiffs of the very pleasant fragrance every time you enter the bathroom.  It reminds me of tangerine lifesavers, if that helps.
It's a big bar, too, the dimensions of the bar are, in inches:  4 x 2.5 and 1.5 thick
I've had one of these little trimmers for four or five years now.  It does its jobs, and I've have no reliability problems at all.
One word of advice -- don't use it on "the boys" without the little plastic guard or you'll be sorry..
When my baby was a newborn we left our closet light on all night at first so we could check on him.  It was also a jarring necessity to turn on the overhead light for diaper changes and feedings.  Then I bought one of these lights and was impressed at the perfect amount of light it gives out.  Just enough to see your baby by, but not enough to keep everyone awake.  It's been almost a year now, and I'm just about to purchase two more.  We use the light now in our toddler's room and turning it on is now part of our bedtime routine.  We use it every night
What I wanted for Christmas was something to turn my bath tub into a whirlpool, and my boyfriend bought this for me. The bubbles are no doubt amazing, they're plenty strong even at the lowest setting. As for the massage part, I didn't use that too much- it just vibrates some, and the bubbles seemed to be more massaging than the vibrating massager. The only thing I did not really care for is that it was kind of difficult to keep on the tub floor. It has suction cups, but they didn't work too well- everytime I moved my feet or legs, it wanted to float to the top of the water. Overall, I'd say this is a pretty good gift! I will definitely use it many more times
These paper towels are as good as any cheaper paper towels; they are not cloth-like or super thick, but they are as good as any other paper towels you might find for the same price that aren't made of recycled materials.  In short, they are cheap and better for the environment than non-recycled, chlorine-bleached products
After 6 months of unexplained intense fatigue and malaise, numerous doctor visits without results, I obtained Source of Life vitamins upon the recommendation of a friend whose physician had recommended it for them.  With the very first dose, I went from dragging around to walking around--while most vitamins require weeks of use before results are seen.
At my very next doctor's appointment, I told of my experience with Source of Life and I continue to report it to anyone and everyone that mentions being excessively tired.   Members of my family and several friends now regularly use this outstanding product, and have reported similar results.   Not only did I feel much better with higher energy levels, I also notice fingernail and hair growth as well.
I use the liquid version and it is actually very tasty.  I highly recommend this product.  I've used it for 3 years and have obtained consistent good results.
If you wonder why you're feeling lethargic or if you have one of those little abdominal paunches you thought was just advancing age, then you might need probiotic therapy.  You might even need it if your resistance to colds is low!
Because we live much "cleaner" lives than our ancestors did, sterilizing our dishes, putting our food in the fridge, and spraying pesticides on everything, we live our lives virtually bacteria-free.  Free of the GOOD bacteria, that is.  The baddies seem to still get us, and without the good ones to balance them out, we're in trouble.
A lack of friendly bacteria in your intestines can cause problems throughout your body.  To put it in "nice" terms, it's a little like having backed up plumbing inside you, and the world just ain't gonna be right until you fix it.
I started on probiotic therapy several months ago, and I was amazed at the following things that happened almost immediately:
*That little stomach paunch WENT AWAY.  I kid you not.  Talk about an instant self-esteem booster.
*My chronic [men, cover your ears] yeast infections decreased dramatically (even without my eliminating wheat from my diet, which I know I ought to do).
*I had more energy and felt more like the me of years ago.
*I became more resistant to colds than I used to be.
If you're considering supplementing your diet with probiotics, you should know that not all of them are created equal.  In fact, testing done by www.consumerlab.com indicates that the vast majority of probiotic supplements don't deliver the number of live organisms they claim -- not even close!  Those little creatures are very delicate, and things like processing, shipping, and sitting on your shelf can kill them.  And let's not even talk about what your stomach acid does to them.
Primal Defense is one of the few supplements that delivers the amount of probiotics it claims to.  (I can tell from its effects on me.)  In addition, it contains lots of good-for-you green foods that also help build that all-important inner strength.
One very important caveat about Primal Defense, though:  Because it's SO effective, don't even think about starting out taking 3 tablets a day!  Not unless you don't mind a lot of abdominal discomfort and are able to spend several days all by yourself at home.  I took one a day for about 2 months, and then I finally felt ready to move up to 2.  It'll be at least another month before I'm up to the recommended 3.
One more thing:  Drink lots of water.  You need it anyway, and Primal Defense works best when you're well hydrated
Works as advertised and I am happy with it's function.  Much nicer than other battery powered toothbrushes.  One issue is that supposed "quick change" tool to remove the brush head either I can't figure out or it is defective, but once you put it on the brush head a pin is supposed to press into a slot to release the brush head.  It never releases.  Is there a trick to do this?  Also the instructions say put on the tool press in and then pull off the brush head.  The problem with this is once the tool is on and you press in, there is no way to pull off the brush head as the tool is still attached.  Once you take the tool off the brush head will not slide out.  Anyone figured this out yet
I have used this twice a day and love it. Best buy at this price
I got mine for free on sale at least 6 months ago and it's great.  I know I should probably replace the head by now, but it still seems to work fine, so I don't.  I've only changed the battery once.  If you want a cheap brush that gets the job done easier than the old fashioned type, this is it.  Then again, if you're not lazy or weak, you can probably do just as good a job with a regular toothbrush and not waste batteries
I bought this toothbrush a month ago, and have been very satistfied with it. The battery lasts about a month and the brush leaves me with a clean feeling that you can't get from a manual toothbrush. The price is good, the battery life is good, and the battery door is very easy to open! I would buy it again!
Flax is a plant. The seeds in the flax plant are filled with flaxseed oil, (sometimes called linseed oil). The seeds contain fatty oils called alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and linoleic acid. ALA is the omega-3 oil in flaxseed. Flaxseed contains both omega-3 fatty acids and omega-6 fatty acids. Flaxseed is nature's richest storehouse of omega-3 fatty acids, and contains more than twice as much omega-3 oil as fish oils, and it costs less , ounce for ounce. Flax also contains other important substances like lignans, which may protect against some types of cancer. The husks of the seeds are rich in mucilage. Both the seed oil and mucilage have many nutritional and therapeutic properties. 
There are many potential benefits from taking Flax seed oil:
Flaxseed Oil lowers cholesterol levels, thereby improving cardiovascular health and lessening the risk of arteriosclerosis. 
Flaxseed also contains plant nutrients like phytoestrogens. These are natural estrogen-like substances that can lessen the discomfort of menopause.
Flaxseed oil may lower high blood pressure.
Flaxseed oil helps some people improve their psoriasis and eczema, as it has anti-inflammatory properties. Flaxseed may also reduce the itching, swelling, and redness associated with certain skin disorders such as acne.
Flaxseed oil has a positive effect on rheumatoid arthritis due to its ability to calm inflammation. 
Flaxseed reduces LDL (low-density lipoprotein) cholesterol (the body's "bad cholesterol") and lowers triglyceride levels. Research shows that flaxseed oil gives much better protection against heart attacks than canola oil or olive oil. 
Taking flaxseed may reduce cancer risk. This is because flaxseed contains the richest sources of lignan building blocks, which play a major role in preventing cardiovascular diseases and cancer. New research indicates that the lignans in flaxseed have both short-term and long-term protective effects against colon cancer. 
Nature Made Flaxseed Oil is a quality source of flaxseed oil, as the company is well-known and reputable. One tip: keep your flaxseed oil away from light and heat, as both degrade the oil. 
The usual beneficial dose of Flaxseed Oil is 2-3 capsules once per day taken with a meal.  
Jim "Konedog" Koenig 
i love these little bibs.  i say little, because even though they are the size of regular cloth bibs, the big size Bibsters, which i also bought, are HUGE, and cover my 9mo. old baby to almost past his diapers.  i was reluctant to buy Bibsters at first, because they seemed such a waste of material being disposable- and i guess they are-- however, they serve a good purpose in that they are extremely light and thin and fully waterproof, so that my super-drooler doesn't get his outfits totally wet like he does with his cloth bibs, which i'm frequently switching out.  Bibsters are also very easy to pack into the diaper bag, and i'm never without a bib. i've also been using the big size bibsters on my 2yr old in the car, for random snack spills.  these are not really reusable, but i sometimes do use them for 2 meals, depending on how clean they are. The price was right when Amazon grocery had the spend 50 get 10 dea
My wife loves this!  It was not too expensive, and she really has been very appreciative, esp for her eye makeup
Love it!  Love it! Love it!  It's like a high pressure car wash. ( I don't sound like a high pressure salesman? 
  This is one of those products I'd put on my "must have" list if I had an elderly parent who couldn't handle a vaccumm and had some area rugs or runners near the front door or entrance to any room. For daily touch-ups, these things can't be beat. They are extremely light and get all the stuff that gets dragged into the house between deep vacuuming. 
  Of course, I really believe that a doormat at the front door will go a LONG way in keeping out a lot of the dust and debris. For the stuff that gets by that, use the Carpet Flick. I tend to shake out my runners and deep vaccum them regularly but I've noticed that some people who are elderly don't have the strength for that. 
     Because I help out taking care of two people over 90, this has been a great help to them in maintaining their independence and ability to keep things clean when I'm not around...and I'm all for helping people to help themselves stay functional!
Easy on the back and shoulders, as this is very light. It does a good enough surface job until the weekend vaccuuming. My 2 year old daughter loves to use it to help mommy! I bought this in a drug and discount store for $13.95. It's worth that
The razor and trimmer are both easy to use and give a nice clean shave.  I am very happy with this item
I gave this to a bearded man for Christmas. To my knowledge, he has used it only once, with no complaints. Was nice for the main reason, he had no electrical outlet in bathroom and had to drag large drop cord from another room to use old one. This one is so convenient and I am sure he enjoys it. Purchasing was a breeze. Thank yo
I purchased this dryer to replace an older one that is far too loud.   While this new one is much quieter than the old one, it really isn't super-quiet.  Still, I have no complaints on the noise, but the flimsy wall mounting hardware is another story.  The threaded holes in the mounting plate are extremely fragile, so much so that they both were wrung out during the initial mounting of the dryer.  It didn't help any that the mounting holes were extremely hard to locate once the plate was mounted - it's hard to see thru that white plastic shell.  I ended up having to discard the original threaded screws and use two slightly larger metal tapping screws to mount the dryer to the bracket.  This worked fine, but the original mounting hardware isn't very well designed in my opinion.  Other than that the dryer seems to work very well, although I haven't had it long enough to know how well it will last.  All in all, I'd give the dryer 4 stars out of 5
I've owned two Thermaphore heating pads, different sizes, for many years and I'm using one right now! They're quality made to last a lifetime. They trap moisture from the air so no need for soaking sponges to insert. The trigger switch allows you to heat as needed as hot as you like and if you fall asleep there are no worries of burns..if the trigger isn't depressed it isn't heating. I wouldn't be without mine. It helps me manage my arthritis/fibromylagia/nerve damage pain. I've recommended it to many of my friends who have been very pleased as well.  
This is a wonderful product. It smells great as well as works great. I was worried that it would be too drying on my skin, but it wasn't. It seemed to balance between where it was needed and where it wasn't
As advertized, as promised - and at a savings!  (Better pricing c/w - Walmart, Target and online
When I don't eat as many veggies as I should these are easy to take
This makeup covers my rosea and a birthmark. Its light and lasts all day. I put it on with a brush. and I love how I don't feel or look like I have makeup on at all. Love the case and the mirror..Thanks! Jud
I am one of the people who just doesn't like applying liquid foundation and cannot do it well, but needs more than just the light coverage of powder foundation. The New Complexion cream foundations do exactly that. I have used numerous cream (or liquid-powder) foundations and this is by far the best and at a good price as well!
The neat little compact includes a mirror and separate storage space for your sponge, which I love because I hate when my sponges become covered in product, all in the same space as a regular compact. I've personally never been one to use compact mirrors, myself, however.
But it's not the package or the sponge which I love, it's the product. It's neither too liquid nor is it too stiff, like some products. It's perfectly creamy and works well with the sponge it comes with.
You really needn't use a lot to have even overall covered but by using more you can obtain a thicker coverage. I find that this makeup blends well with my skin and does a good job of evening out my skin tone, as well, without appearing too much like a mask.
You can feel it a little but it somehow just feels right on my skin. Also, I do recommend using a powder over it to reduce shine.
Overall, I love this makeup
I do a lot of walking, as well as standing on my feet all day for work. Receiving this product as a Test Drive was FABULOUS! I never knew a cream could work so well at relieving my tired, aching feet and restoring my skin. I'd DEFINITELY recommend this product
Got my Chillow a few months ago and wish I had not waited so long! It is great! My own personal "thermostat" having gone haywire years ago, I have wished for something to help me sleep and be cool. This is it! First, it allows my husband to cuddle up next to me without my pushing him away cause he's so darn warm and I just can't take the extra heat. Second, I have wished for a firm pillow forever!! and have tried many different pillows and a great side benefit of the Chillow is that it makes my pillow really firm. It can be a bit too cold for a minute or two, but it evens out before long. For those of you who have that problem, you might consider doing what I did. I purchased a "Bedsack" quilted & zippered pillow cover. Put the pillow + the Chillow in that and then in a pillowcase and it's just perfect. Might also help the vinyl scent that some of you complain about. I will agree that the Chillow makes my pillow very heavy, but that is my only complaint. And I'm not carrying it around so the weight is really not an issue.  Other than that, I wish I had purchased one of these Chillows long ago. It is a menopausal woman's dream come true!
out of all the hair striaghters I have owned and I have gone through about 6 this is the best one yet! I really like it! it straightens my hair perfectly, and you cant beat the price
Well this is marketed as a quick and healthy snack for kids, but I find it perfect for me.  It's a great charge of chocolate and not too many calories and bit of fiber, what more can you ask for
The filter is small compared with most other systems; has a sturdy, metal fixture and pull-knob activator; filters quickly with plenty pressure; and of course it has the great Culligan taste
Excellent product.  Really protects you.  My dermatologist recommended this product and although it's more expensive - it's worth the protection for your skin.  I'm glad my children are using it
Finally, a product that does as it promises.  Excellent sun burn protection -- even in Hawaii
I am very satisfied with Nizoral Anti-Dandruff Shampoo. Many anti-dandruff shampoos tend to make my hair feel dry or rough. I have thick, waist-length hair and Nizoral got rid of the dandruff and left it feeling soft and easy to manage. Unlike some anti-dandruff shampoos that have a medicinal smell, Nizoral has a pleasant fragrance. I'll definitely use this product any time I need a dandruff shampoo
Nizoral Anti-Dandruff Shampoo seems to be a very good product. I noticed a difference the first time I used it -- there was no residue on my scalp, and my flakiness was greatly reduced. It produced a very rich lather, also. The only thing I didn't like about it was the possibility that I'd have an allergic reaction to the ingredients, but the instructions didn't tell which ingredients might make this happen. I, myself, am sensitive to many products, and didn't have any reaction to the ingredients of the shampoo. I would recommend this product to others
Love it, love it, love it!  It got my hair soooooo straight and in record time.  I highly recommend this product.  Esp. for African American hairtypes.  :-
excellent product 
my hair was striaght and dry in a matter of minutes
The foot massager is great. It's open design allows it to be used on the legs as well as the feet unlike others that are boot like. The massager adjusts to your size legs and feet automatically for a snug fit. The massager is adjustable to almost any configuartion with tilt, raise/lower and etc. The only problem with this device is that it can become top heavy as a result of the adjustability of it. So keeping it upright can be a bit challenging. But for the price and quality this is a great relief on the feet and legs as well as wallet
This product is simply phenomenal. I've seen better results using this than with department store brands
I picked this up at the store a couple of months ago, and it works well.  I does have a nice light scent initially, and it sooths the face.  It does not have any SPF though, so in summer I used a different balm. But it has been good this winter. Check it out
It usually takes forever for me to dry my hair, but it dried really fast and STRAIGHT!  I can go a few extra weeks without a relaxer!  And the color is beautiful... I just love orange :O
Saw this product, or maybe it was a similar one in a shop in Cairns, Australia.  It was selling for about $70 Australia Dollars.....which is still quite expensive converted to US$.  I came back to U.S. and found it on Amazon for $15.99, with free ship if I purchased $30.  So, I bought two......one for myself, one for my husband!  It is wonderful!  We wear contacts for distance, so it is such a convenience to always have it around our necks, less the neckchains, which always used to get tangled.  It's an ingenius invention
We have a GoldenDoodle with a lot of hair and this clipper works wonderfully. It breezes right through the thickest hair! I highly recommend
The clippers are excellent quality and cut well. We have a poodle  that has very thick hair. If you take your time, these clippers do a wonderful job
I bought this model 7 years ago for over $100 and it is still running strong although I only use it to clip a small family dog.  Nevertheless, forget the cheap vibrating 'magnetic motor' clippers - not enough power and the buzzing bothers the animal.  This clipper uses a superior rotating motor that is more powerful and provides a consistent cutting action.  In fact, with the right (replaceable) blade, you could use this to cut kids hair as well.  It stays cool, unlike the magnetic motor design.  Use with Oster Kool Lube and you  will never have problems getting a clean cut.  It uses blades by Oster so there is a lot of versatility possible
Man these things are the best. They can handle whatever issues I throw at them. I've done considerable load testing as I'm a truck driver who makes infrequent stops. Thanks for making my life easier. I'm totally back into life with Depends
Saw this product, or maybe it was a similar one in a shop in Cairns, Australia.  It was selling for about $70 Australia Dollars.....which is still quite expensive converted to US$.  I came back to U.S. and found it on Amazon for $15.99, with free ship if I purchased $30.  So, I bought two......one for myself, one for my husband!  It is wonderful!  We wear contacts for distance, so it is such a convenience to always have it around our necks, less the neckchains, which always used to get tangled.  It's an ingenius invention
Nicely designed., effecitve, close shave, very reasonable cost, BUT..could they tell you simply how to turn it ON? Embarassed to admit, took me almost 15 minutes to figure out the ON/OFF feature
I was looking for a lightweight simple wet/dry shaving device that had inexpensive replacement foil and blade assemblies. The Panasonic WES9941P fit perfectly. Gives a nice shave, and it's so easy to clean. It replaces my old Braun single head linear. (I like the Panasonic better.) The batteries supply over two weeks of shaves on a single charge. Give it a few weeks of shaves to break in to cut real close
Had one for the last 2 years until I tore the screen. This is the best shaver I have ever used. Shaves fast and clean.Its cheap enough that I will buy another one rather than replace the screen.
Don't like the charger as it is too easy to knock the shaver off of it
This is one of the nicest electric shavers that I've owned and the first wet-type shaver. I have previously owned Norelcos for over a decade. The original Norelcos (made in Holland) were fine but the recent ones have pathetic quality and they literally pull hair! It is painful! I eventually gave up trying to use my replacement lift-and-cut Norelco and decided to try out a high end model that cost close to two hundred dollars. Bad idea - you don't always get what you pay for! I was not quite happy with that either and after a two year haitus with disposable Gillettes, decided to try a wet shaver. I took my chance on this one, based solely on the reviews here. This is the very first "wet" shaver I've used and absolutely love it. It gives a close enough shave but not too close. You can use it with whatever shaving cream you use. 
Note that the Panasonic manual encourages using the cheapest foam type (not gel), Barbasol like stuff with this shaver. It also comes with a basic carrying pouch and the cleaning is as easy as it can get (just wash the thing under tap water). They really meant that this unit is washable. It is recharagable, lasts seven days on a charge, and costs less than replacement blades for competing brands. The build quality is excellent. The charger is a very clever design that gets the shaver completely off your counter space. You cannot go wrong with this. Amazon has a great value here. Sometimes you get more than you asked for and this is one of those rare things. Highly recommended. 
Shaves great wet or dry. I like it because it pivots real good. No cuts, it was worth every penny
My husband and I have one drink of Nature's Plus every morning and sometimes at lunch or for dinner.
We started out with Vanilla. I add a handful of instant oatmeal- 2 baby carrots- a spoonful of peanut butter- 5 ice cubes- 1 cup 1% milk and you're hooked! 
The ice cubes make it like a real shake. 
I have a Vita Mix and that realy makes it blend well. I blend for 30 seconds.
My husband uses the Vanilla with 1 cup of 1% milk - 4 TBS of Ovaltine - a handful of oatmeal- a spoonful of peanut butter- 5 ice cubes- blend for 30 seconds and I don't have to cook!
I like the Strawberry. I take a cup of milk (1%)- 6 frozen strawberries- a handful of instant oatmeal- 2 baby carrots - and 4 ice cubes. Havenly and very satisfying and losing weight to boot!
I have tried many brands of soy shakes, and this one is delicious.. I sure recomend it to anyone that wants to start the healthy habit of drinking soy. Cookies & Cream flavor tastes like a real shake!! I really enjoy this drinks
The product is very good, do not misunderstand me although it is not as good as the same produt when we bought it ten years ago: The curls tend to stay put less time compared with the former hair curler tubes.
But still, we strongly recommend them against heat activated tubes. It's a good buy
I bought this bag for my husband as a surprise (as I had bought another brand, and he did not like the Asian floral print).  It's very roomy, looks great, fits ergonomically.  I really love the pocket design and the space that they have, as well as the interior design.  Fits things better than my own bag!  My husband loves it and can't wait to use it!  Plus that, this is the best price I've seen online, and of course, Amazon ships quickly and accurately
This product is a blessing for handicapped users. It is solidly built, easy to roll about with and makes being mobile a wonderful reality. Plus, I don't think you can beat the price, which gives you a model that can't be beaten. Also, delivery was lightening fast
I absolutely love this scale!  It is easy to program and enjoyable to use.  Best of all, it's beautiful to behold
A vitamin is a vitamin but when you pay half price then you have something
I have, on the advice of my OB/GYN been using Dove(white) for over 25 years!!My skin is very sensitive and dry and he recommended I should use it instead of other brands. He was not wrong! It works very well for me
There are a lot of positive comments about this mirror and some very negative comments.  I weighed both before I made my decision and chose to give more weight to the positive comments.  I am glad I did.  The light from the mirror is bright, the slide bar for the different light settings works very well.  If you hold the switch to the count of 2 or 3 and then release the lights work every time.  I enjoy the mirror very much and would buy another or recommend that someone buy it for their use.
The only negative I have about the mirror is that the flourescent tubes buzz a little but I am getting accustomed and learning to tune them out.  
I bought this product specifically because it was originally described as being/having "mood-brightening Natural Spectrum light." I thought it would help on the gloomy Pacific Northwest winter days. I got it on a Friday sale price, so it seemed like a good value for the product description given here. 
The lamp just arrived (a few days ago - when I originally submitted this review), and the product's FAQ sheet states this product is "designed only to provide excellent quality light for daily tasks and hobbies. This lamp does *not* offer the correct level of light intensity specified by the National Institute of Mental Health for the treatment of Seasonal Affective Disorder (S.A.D.). 
The product literature packed with the lamp has no mention at all that this product offers "mood-brightening" light. Because of this glaring misrepresentation, I am currently debating whether to the return the lamp.
I agree with the other reviewer that the adhesive labels (there are two) are VERY sticky and difficult to remove completely. I used a combination of methods to remove the adhesive residue. 
And I agree with the comments about the company name being printed on the front of the lamp. When I saw it in the picture, I thought it had to be some kind of company watermark or logo for the stock photo ONLY, so I was shocked to see "Verilux" actually printed/embossed into the lamp housing, in a very prominent location on the front of the lamp. Very cheesy, for a lamp of this price point and quality.
If you're looking for a "clean" bright light, in a stylish, portable lamp, this is not a bad choice. But if you're looking for a full-spectrum light that does offer some light "therapy," this is probably the wrong choice. The company does have other, "therapeutic" lighting options, but at a higher price point. 
Nov 1, 2006 UPDATE - I was concerned enough about the original, misleading product description that I submitted my concerns to Amazon. I now see that the description had been revised since submitting those concerns. I want to thank Amazon for their very prompt response in correcting the product description, which should help other buyers make a more-informed decision.
This is a useful tool in that it makes the software/hardware combination available at a less expensive price than any other I am aware of.  My only criticism is that there is not a lot of information on interpretation of the output, although from reading Heart Math literature one can get a sense of what one is doing.  However for the price it is definitely worth it and I could see that some people may want to get the game mostly for the option of having this expansion pack
Dr. Bonners Pepperming Soap is our favorite.  Our sensitive skin does not react, it lasts a long time, and best of all, the peppermint aroma wakes up our senses in the mornings
Smaller size DID NOT FIT me or my son. It would be nice if you could use perhaps a hat size to determine right size. Standard size worked fine.
I just bought a Vespa scooter for short trips since the gas prices are so high.  I needed some eye protection that would work with my helmet.  These goggles are awesome!  They fit perfectly inside my helmet, and because the wrap around my head, they stay put.  The magnets in front are very strong so the goggles don't move.  The eye cups are just the right size and they're padded for comfort. These goggles have far exceeded my expectations.
Good for dust storms in desert-like environments.  Great for looking suave.  Very convenient for easy on/off. 
I have a waterpik that I've used for years. After a while the tips will break. Try finding them in a store- NOT!
Welcome Amazon! They have the WaterPik Replacement Tips for a reasonable price. If you go to Waterpik online they double the price due to shipping!!!
Amazon ROCKS
I love all the varieties of chocolate, and if you mix them in a blender, they are smooth and creamy.  You can add a frozen banana or a couple of ice cubes, and the shake is thick enough to be a milkshake.  Shaking by hand or using a hand-held mixer does not do these nutrition shakes justice.  These are a great meal replacement - healthy, nutritious, and full of quality protein. 
I haven't used it thoroughly yet. But from what I have seen so far, it is a pretty good scale to track your everyday fat loss progress. I am satisfied with this purchase for the price and quality and ease of use. I use it daily to track my body fat % and weight. So far used it for only myself. Haven't checked it out for more than 1 users
this thing is really cool and works very easily.  Once you perform
the 10 minute setup and enter your info (once), you just step on
it and tell it what setup number your are and it takes and saves the measurement.  It seems very steady and well built and I think it should last a long time
This scale was easy to understand and measures the same as my doctors office.   Easy to monitor weight and fat
The best part about my ijoy 130 is the price I paid.  Day after Xmas Linens and Things had only the floor model left.  Got 20% off of that plus signed up for the credit card to get another 10% off.  30% off made the chair $500 instead of $700.  I am in it as I write this!!!  Very nice and relaxing.  Sometimes the "percussion" setting is a little too hard in some spots but otherwise it's great.  I would agree that I wish it went a little further up the neck.  I just sit a little lower in the chair for it.  Not sure if it's worth $700 just because that's alot of money but I've got no problem with $500.  I think my wife and I will get alot of use out of it
This handy little device has be a lifesaver in helping to remind me to take my pills.  It is easy to set up. Just put in the # of hours between your doses, 12 or 24 hours for twice a day or once a day medications. I use two of these. The timer counts down the hours and then chirps. When you silence the alarm, it automatically starts the countdown again.
The storage compartment is handy for keeping my pills when I travel. Most of the time, I just use it to remind me to take my pills.
I wish I knew about this a long time ago
I'm a vain, 39 year old male and started using this product (in combination with another highly regarded anti-wrinkle product) about three months ago. This daily application replaced a daily application of facial conditioner/moisturizer. I was hoping some barely noticable forehead wrinkles would go away. No such luck. I notice a definite reduction in wrinkle depth in the morning, before I shower, but by mid-day, the wrinkles have returned to their normal state.  Does this really work?! I suppose the only way to truly find out if this stuff works is to use it on only half the face and see the effect over time. In all fairness, I must mention that my face now routinely feels softer and smoother and less oily than before. That's why I rated this product a four instead of a three. But the frickin' wrinkles are still there!  Let me see all that clinical research all these skin care experts are touting.
This product does wonders. It helped with blotchy skin and made my whole face feel softer yet firmer within a week. Like another customer, I have sensitive skin. I didn't feel this dried my skin out at all. But a word to the wise, make sure to read the directions carefully, this product is not meant for use around the eyes which might explain some complaints. If used properly, its fantastic
First of all I am in my early 20's so I haven't much experience in night creams.  I just more recently took an interest in moisturizers and eye creams after I decided to quit tanning and rather preserve my youthfulness.  I use "moisture therapy cream" by Olay in the morning before I put on my makeup, and then I use this at night.  My skin always feels so soft, more soft than I think it ever did.  I can't give any testaments on its firming or anti-wrinkle ability, but I can say it does make my skin glow and my complexion look healthier.  The scent is great and it is a great smell to fall asleep to.
I would recommend this product to anyone of any age.  It has a good price compared to everything else on the market and I believe it is best to start moisturizing when you are young rather than waiting until the signs of aging have already begun.  Prevention is key
Well, let's FACE it..short of any procedure that is invasive(botox,cosmetic surgery, etc), there really isnt any magic cream that is going to reverse the aging process, but there are a number of products that will aid in improving the look, feel and texture of your face. I've been trying out several of the products out there, and I found "Olay Total Effects Night Firming Cream For Face and Neck" to be one of the best ones around.
I really like this one alot because of the many benefits it has all in one jar. After using it pretty generously for a little over a month(I've used about 1/2 the jar so far), I found it worked wonders on improving the look and feel of my skin. It minimized the appearance of fine lines, really hydrated my dry skin, improving on firmness, absorbed deep into my skin, so using it every night, I could still feel the softness the next morning, and left my face feeling very smooth to the touch. I especially felt and saw visable result around my neck and throat area(where I am really starting to get that over 50 look).
It has a nice, very light scent, and here's the best part... The price here at Amazon is about 1/2 of what I paid when I purchased it along with my groceries at the market(and it was even on sale at the store), so at around twelve dollars here right now, it's a real bargain.
There are 7 benefits listed on the box, some I mentioned above, others include evening skin tone, minimizes the appearance of pores and reduces the appearance of blotches and age spots. Give this one a try for any of these aging signs.
Don't expect a miracle. The wrinkles will not vanish, but a nice improvement in the look and feel of your skin, a healthy glow that leaves you feeling just a little better about yourself(and a a great price).
The formula includes a fast absorbing skin strengthener called VitaNiacin(Vit B3, Vit E and Pro-Vit B5),wheat protein and hydrators.
I like it and recommend it.....Laurie
I love the Medi-beads products, and highly recommend them.  Although not as comfortable as the pliable elasto-gel, I love the moist heat and the weight of the pads.  I used them therapeutically both for myself and for massage therapy clients.  I only wish they made a longer one to cover the entire back, but 2 of the king-sized pads will do it.  Microwave time will vary according to the power of your microwave. 
I've been wearing glasses for almost 25 years now.  Its been difficult to find a decent way to clean glasses that doesn't either streak or damage the lenses -- especially with AR and other coatings they put on glasses these days.  The Sharper Image eyeglass cleaner does the trick.  It also, by design, cleans your frames which is a plus.
I would have given 4.5 stars due to the size of polishing cloth they supply.  Its sufficient for only cleaning one pair of glasses.  I have two pair (regular and sunglasses) so no real fault there.  I recommend getting a 3M microfiber cleaning cloth as an alternative to what is supplied
I love the smell of an essential oil in the air. I've tried tealight burners, a smear on a low-burning lamp, and a miniature crockpot designed for aromatherapy. The PearlEssence Spa Mist is absolutely the best ever for diffusing an odor and continuing to diffuse it for an extended period of time. Because I live in a humid climate, I was concerned that misting would only add to mold problems and perhaps mar wooden furniture. The cool mist instantly absorbs even into our air. The light show of the base can be turned off, but I like it most of the time. Product was offered for $10 less than at a well-known local natural market chain, and shipping was free with my order over $25 with other products.
The sound of it working is great ambient noise for sleeping and wth oils it makes you room smell wonderful! It does a reasonable job of humidification in my medium sized bedroom but it acts a little snarky in that it tries to turn itself on often when there is no water left in it. And it doesnt hold enough water to enjoy it all night but it will run for several hours. The light show and the aromatherapy can be quite a nice mood setter romantically as well
finally tried this, and I definitely recommend it.  It doesnt have a strong smell, very pleasant and neutral.  It feels so good on your skin after you shave, very soothing and moisturizing. Try some, you'll love it
I've had my first bottle of this after shave for a year and I have just finally begun to run out. While I don't use it everday, I use it regularly and when needed.
I use an electric shaver which often leaves my face dry and slightly irritated. This Nivea after shave is wonderful. It only takes a small amount to cover my whole face and neck. It leaves me refreshed and smooth feeling. Sometimes I'll leave the house and forget to put it on, and I'll go all the way back just to put it on. It gets your day off to a great start. No funky smells or textures here. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed
My wife found the women's version of this cologne in bermuda and it smells great, so I happen to see the man's version of her cologne and tried it and thought it was great as well. Fruity yet woodsey smell hard to describe, Girls will eat it up!
I started taking Anxietol 7 to help me with my stress at work. I am not usually a stressed out sort of person however I recently got transfered to NYC and I'm from Utah, just that move itself is enough to stress anyone out. I am working as a trader and it is very high energy. Anxietol 7 is helping me cope with my new life here
This has helped me more than I can say. It has helped with a death of a very close relative. Without this I wouldn't be able to lead a normal day at my high level stress job.
Unfortunately, millions of Americans currently suffer from the debilitating effects of stress, anxiety, and depression. In the pharmaceutical industry, anti-anxiety medications and antidepressants are among the best-selling medications on the market. 
The everyday stressors faced by Americans have simply become too much for many to bear, and reasonably so. In recent years, taking an anti-anxiety medication or antidepressant has become as common as taking a multivitamin. However, the side effects and long-term effects of such medications were for the most part unknown until recently. 
In the past year, some of the drastic negative effects of such medications have come to light, much to the horror of patients and physicians alike. Anti-anxiety medications and antidepressants have been linked to addiction, severe withdrawal, weight gain, vertigo, and even suicide and death. To treat the symptoms of stress, anxiety, and depression, without negative health implications, many are now turning to natural supplements -- safely and with much success. 
Most consumers are confused about which natural stress, anxiety, and depression supplements to take. Fortunately, there are now a few promising natural supplements on the market which offer truly effective results, safely. The challenge lies in distinguishing the effective products from the one's that are based more on marketing hype. It is critical that the product you choose contains those ingredients proven effective for treatment through clinical study, and that those ingredients are of the highest grade and included in the proper dosage in the product. This is the key to getting the results you desire - freedom from stress, anxiety, and depression. 
After researching nearly every available natural anxiety product on the market today I can tell you that many products contain low-grade ingredients in amounts far too small to be truly effective. There are a few, however, with clinical research behind them that also contain quality ingredients in efficacious doses. 
These products offer the definite potential to counter your emotional and physical responses to stress, anxiety, and depression. After review of the products and the available scientific literature only those products that met the criteria were recommended, Here is a list of the Top The Top 10 Stress, Anxiety and Depression Supplements On The Market Today: 
1) Anxietol 7(tm) 
2) Welatonin(tm) 
3) Pinadol(tm) 
4) Seredyn(tm) 
5) Prosera(tm) 
6) Amoryn(tm) 
7) Euphorx(tm) 
8) HerbVal Supra(tm) 
9) Clarocet-NRI(tm) 
10) Relora(tm) 
You won't have to use much lotion on your body after using this product.  I love it....
If you don't like getting attention, these are not for you.  I'm often surprised by people's astonished reactions to the act of putting them on and taking them off; I'm so accustomed to pulling them apart, that I forget how unusual the viewing public finds it.  
I have been wearing Clics for nearly a year.  I pretend that I don't need glasses, but of course I do and have for nearly a decade.  Popped the standard diopter lenses out, and put in my bifocal prescription.  It worked great, despite a warning from my optical shop.  (And even if they had broken from the experiment, the price is right:  I could try it again.)
Previously I was wearing glasses on a chain.  Besides the various difficulties noted by another reviewer, I also found that the plastic loops that connect the chain to the arms of the glasses have a bad habit of stretching. Then the glasses slip off the chain at inappropriate times and the frames break.  
I call the color of mine "magenta" - which may or may not be the same as the online "red" - I bought them in a shop (**gasp**).  My short hair is not a problem, but I agree that reading in bed doesn't work.  So I use a different pair for those occasions
The LifeSource BP Monitor was just what I wanted and was priced just right.  It was delivered in a timely manner and I am a happy camper along with my wife. Thanks.
After a few months of debating whether or not I needed the extra light for my work space I made the great choice of purchasing the HappyLite.  I've been using it the past few weeks and have really enjoyed how it brightens up the dark corner better than a regular lamp.
Now my only concern is how to order an extra bulb.... (guess I should read the materials it came with).
No problems. Like the small format bottle, easy to store. Works as well as anything else
Great smell. Worth the cost. Cleans great. I have used this laundry soap for quite some time now and happy.
I bought this for my father-in-law who had a stroke this past summer at sixty eight years old.  My mother-in-law at sixty seven, doesn't have a lot of arm and shoulder strength and cannot wield a full-size wheelchair around and constantly pull it in and out of the trunk of their toyota camry.
The light weight of this chair works great for short trips to appointments.  I wouldn't recommend it for a long day shopping at the mall however.  It's not as easy to use as a full-size standard wheelchair.  This is a great chair for shorter trips and appointments to make transferring easier to manage
Lightweight, easy to transport, easy to put together.  Just remember, the person in the chair cannot maneuver on their own.  Someone must be able to push.  But what a great product
My mother is 87 and the shower chair makes it easier.  She likes it in the tub better and I just use warm water poured over her
I've used several types of cervical cold packs over the past few years, both at home and also professional cold packs at chiropractic appointments to help decrease muscle inflammation, and this is by far the best because of its super flexible fabric immediately from the freezer and its ability to stay cold for a longer time if needed
very handy and portable. Fits my neck good and I can even walk around with it on and not worry about it falling off or moving
I got into Aquis microfiber towels because my aged mother does not have the arm strength for big fat terry towels.  I then bought some for myself because besides being light they absorb like crazy -- one swipe and you're dry.  I decided to get one of the 'adventure' line because information was that they are like the dog-drying towels which are very like the lisse crepe ones.  What I didn't realize was not only I buying a very nice towel, it comes in a very nice little nylon zippered bag, mesh on one side to facilitate drying.  We're talking the sort of little bag you'd spend about $5 to buy from a travel gear catalog.  I was thrilled to pieces.  Also in keeping with the 'adventure'-travel theme, these towels have little tags on one corner that can be snapped back on themselves to form a loop to hang the towel from.  Very handy for camping, meaningless but not annoying for home use.  I like how the loop normally is just a long tag so that the loop does not tangle in the washer
This product was reffered to me by my hairstylist after she noticed alot of frizziness and breakage in my hair. This has worked beautifully to protect my hair from the blowdryer and straightening iron! I would give this product 10 stars if it were available! My hair is very smooth and very healthy looking because of this product and other products by Chi.  I absolutely recommend this to anyone
I am 100% satisfied with this product and it has already earned me what I paid for. I am able to trim my front portion of hair with this on my own, where as for a complete trim, I do need my wife's assistance. If you trim on a regular basis, ie., when the hair's not over grown, you will definitely find the job more easier.I recommend it to everyone who wants to save on their haircuts. The price is a good deal too if you buy from amazon, else one may perhaps ahve to wait for the Thanks giving sale
We purchased eight of these (6 - 3/4 in. and 2 - 1 in.) for our beauty salon in 1994, and we've never used another brand since. With their quick heat-up time and multi-level heat options, these irons perform superbly for precision curls.  I was so pleased their performance that I bought one to use at home to replace my fancy Vidal Sassoon gold barrel, which only had two heat settings - Too Hot and Burnt Scalp.  The heating element is so efficient that Level 1 or 2 is probably sufficient for most home users.  Rarely did I have to set the iron at Level 4 or 5, and never above 5.  It takes less than a minute for the iron to heat up.  Four of the six irons we originally purchased lasted through 3+ years of constant professional use.  At the price we paid, our weekly cost averaged out to pennies.  If you purchase this product you will -NOT- be disappointed
This creatine works very good on me building muscle,it has no flavor,i recommend it with a good diet!!
see results in weeks!
   I've used creatine as a strength aid to supplement my lifting for years. This is the real stuff at the best price I've ever seen.
Excellent product, good quality at a good price. I bought this Whal's trimmer to replace a Whal's trimmer that I have used for over 15 years. That alone speaks for itself
These are hands down, the most awesome pillows, we have ever owned.  They were originally suggested by a chiropractor at $60 per pillow, however at the time, a "water bed pillow" for $60 just sounded silly.  What brought me back around to these pillows, was the year-long search that my wife and I had been on for the perfect pillows.  One of her beloved cats managed to destroy our previous and quite comfortable pillows, which subsequently caused us to get caught up in the frustrating search for the perfect pillow.  We spent a year, buying this pillow and that pillow, all to no avail.  Then one day I rolled the dice, and bought a pair of these pillows with the covers.  The covers actually make the dish.  These are the most comfortable pillows that I have ever slept on in my 42 years on this planet!!!  These pillows rate 10 stars!!!  Just follow the directions and enjoy the best nights sleep you have ever had.  I do not work for, nor own this company, although after using their product I wish I did!!!  Our pillows are about three months old so far, and holding up exceptionally well.  They recommend you change the water every six months or so, depending on what type of water you put in.  The pillow is about half to three quarters cushion, with the water being the bottom layer.  They seal tight and do not leak. There is no audible sound from the water in the pillow, as if you follow the directions, they will instruct you on how to expel excess air.  These pillows and of those Black & Decker scissors, have to be my two best finds for 2006!!
This is a great value - probably one of the best shower heads I've used. Yes - there are better ones for $100+, but this is absolutely amazing
This is a truly amazing deal from Amazon, where I also received Free Priority Mail Shipping.  The photo does not display all that you will get. You will receive 6 boxes of Q-Tips Cotton Swabs, totaling an ammazing 3,500 Q-Tips in all.  I WILL NEVER EVER HAVE TO PURCHASE ANOTHER Q-TIP AS LONG AS I LIVE!!!!!  WHAT A FANTASTIC DEAL FROM AMAZON!
This curling iron works well.  It heats quickly and I'm very satisfied
I just bought this iron and I couldn't be happier. It's the perfect size and weight. The plates aren't unmanageably large, or pitifully small... It heats up incredibly fast-- we're talking in less than 60 seconds. I have short-ish, wavy and coarse hair- it's straight and silky smooth within 5 minutes. HAI is a brand used in many salons and it's all for a reason- they make fantastic flat irons. If you bought this same iron at a salon, you could easily pay upwards of $150 in Canada... so I consider this price an awesome deal
I bought this dryer based on other people's review.  It is an excellent dryer.  The air flow is strong and it dries my medium to long hair faster than my old one ever did.  I didn't give it 5 stars because it is a bit heavier than most dryers...however, since it dries my hair fast, my arms don't mind the weight. :)  2 thumbs up in my book!!
In the past, I bought hair dryers at Target because of the prices. I had no idea that a few more bucks can buy you a quality hair dryer that surpasses any Conair, Sassoon, etc. purchased at this and similar stores.
The difference in the quality is noticed immediately upon use. Although the BB Pro is a little heavier than I'm used to, it dries hair faster and with fewer frizzes. It's amazing
I purchased this dryer for my wife. It took me a long time to find it since all hair dryers come with 1600 to 1850 watts power setting. My wife's hair is thick and long, so she didn't want get anything below 2000 watts. This one is light, powerfull and handy. 
I strongly recommend it
I did a great deal of research on the Internet for the "best" shower filter. I was concerned about the filter not lasting, losing water pressure, etc. I came across the Aquasana on amazon and read all the great reviews on it... After ordering it, I am so glad that I did. It was really easy to install and I honestly feel like the water pressure coming out of it is BETTER than with my old shower head. The shower head swivels and has several different settings, like massage, rainfall-type flow, etc. It really does feel like you are showering in spring water. Just the idea of showering in chlorine-free and mineral-free water is refreshing in itself. I am really happy with my purchase and would definitely recommend it to anyone living in an apartment who wants filtered water and who cannot install a filter on the main line.... It's a little pricy but well worth it.
I am so happy with Aquasana Shower Filter. I live in a building where the water is so harsh and sometimes discolored. As a consequence, my skin shortly turned dry and I continuously got skin problems. I even thought about buying drinking water to clean my face everyday. Now that I have found Aquasana, I feel so happy. It does what it promises. I could feel the smoother skin by just using it from the first time. And it did feel like showering in natural spring water. I couldn't be happier with this product
Compared to the Olive & Aloe bar, this one seems to lather better
This is excellent..I like the ease of using it and the digital read out is great.  I highly recommend this produc
They had one of these mirrors in a 5 star hotel that my husband and I stayed at and I fell in love with it! I HAD TO HAVE ONE OF MY OWN and thanks to Amazon I was able to find one. This is an EXCELLENT product. My husband installed it easily and I would never be without one again. One side is magnified and my eyebrows have never looked so good, lol, and eyelining is a breeze. Though he would never admit it, my husband uses also (trimming mustash, nose hairs (eewww), shaving, etc.)
Great product. Order one. You will not be dissapointed!
Not a bad product.  Irritates the skin a little, but does remove your hair.  The only things I don't like is that the buffers wear out quickly and your hair grows back with in 2 weeks.  It does a nice job of exfoliating the skin and is great for hard to reach places.  Not a bad product; however, I hope someone soon comes up with something that can take hair away permanently or for a longer period of time.  I would recommend this product
Shaving gives me all sorts of problems, I must have super sensitive skin or something. I cannot afford laser and wax just isn't my thing. 
Grabbed this for myself before Christmas on a whim. It was money well spent!
After 3 months of use, I have gotten the hang of the product. I suggest you practise then shave regularly for a month or more. Say, run the product over each leg once till you get used to it. Then trying to completely remove the hair. My legs are unbelievably soft. No rash, one little tender area after I spent too much time there. Do keep moving and keep a razor in the cabinet just in case. I still have trouble around my ankles.
Hair regrowth is markedly thinner since I began using it. By about half. What remains still grows long but I'm, err, what does one call this process? - doing it once a week and only takes a few minutes
Really strong when just sprayed, but after a little while it gets soft, but at the same time not too soft. The perfume lasts for few hours, by the time I go to bed, the scent would still be there faintly, and I fall asleep to it. It is fresh and strong at first, then soft and sweet. LOVE IT
I ordered the HappyLite about 4 months before they even shipped the product, because it was the first reasonably priced (and sized) light to help treat SAD.  Living in Minnesota, I tend to get depressed in February, so wanted to see if the light would help. Starting in Oct/Nov 2003, I began turning it on at desk height at my work for the suggested amount of time. I did not use it on weekends.
Anyway, I think that it helped me keep from sinking so low with the SAD blues in February, but it did not completely keep SAD away. I spent 4 days on the beach in Florida during the 3rd week of February, and that helped the most.
I will indeed use the light again this winter, because it helps--but does not eliminate--SAD for me
I first used this product when I got a straight razor shave in a men's salon awhile back.  It really made for a smooth shave, which you definitely need when getting a straight razor shave.  By the way, I don't recommend getting a straight razor shave on your wedding day as I foolishly did.  Your face will be very sore.  It took me 10 years before I got another straight razor shave, and I hated it as much as the first time.  I'll never get another.  However, this oil product made the shave tolerable, and it makes daily shaving fantastic.  This combined with the aftershave moisturizer makes for an incredible shave.  It's amazing how soft your skin feels afterward.  Buy the oil and the moisturizing aftershave, and you won't be disappointed
Tis is the best joint supplement I have found on the market. Thank you Amazon for carrying it
I love that stuff!  And now you haven't had it - but I need more - please make it available again.  Thanks
Received my pack of 4 in 2 days with the free ship option. Shop-Rite sells individual box for 8.99, so even the regular price of $32 beat that. The $10 additional promotion was icing on the cake
Purchased a case of Bally Energy Drink since I seemed a bit sluggish after a 12 hour work day and kept making excuses NOT to work out. Gets me up and at em' and no more excuses for not going for a long walk or trip to the gym! Drank 1 can in the morning @ 5:30 am and another around 3pm. Give it a try
This has an average scent.  I have bought other brands of reed diffusers that I like alot more.  I would not buy this again
Nice mirror.  Good magnification.  Solid construction.  My only change would allow vertical adjustability to allow flexibility in positioning on the wall.  I had to move a picture to position it at the correct height
I got this for my husband and he states that the trimmer is great but it needs to have a smaller base. The charger part of the trimmer is just too big. Even though it is big for size it does not hold all the attachments. He would recommend the trimmer to do the job it is intended for
I got the WaterPik JP-130 to replace a shower head that was set too low for my husband.  Installation was easy enough, though, we had to purchase plumber's white tape to get a good seal.  Other showerheads I've purchased have come with the tape included which is why I took off one star.  The arm was long enough that my husband can step under it and still have clearance from the wall.  It creates a soft fall of water that I really enjoy and the head is large enough that I am actually able to wash my hair more quickly as it hits more of my hair at one tim.  I've not had any problems with the thumb screws and I have been move the unit quite often so that I can shave my legs.  I've loved this product so far and would definitely purchase again. 
just bought this showerhead I have a stand -up shower built in with a pull around curtain. all other heads blow the curtain out and water on the floor. this is the one. it works great. i have a shallow well pump with 40 -60lbs of water pressure setting. my wife loves this so much i will get one for her up stairs full shower bathtub
I got this showerhead for Christmas and am really happy with it!!  It's really a pleasant experience to have the water raining down on you.
I do agree with the other reveiwer that the adjustable knobs are tough to get to stay in place.  But with mine anyways it stays in place while I'm using it and it's only later that it slowly lowers down.  Then I just move it back into place and tighten the knobs again when I want to use it.  It hasn't been any trouble so far.
I love this showerhead so much that I'm actually already looking for an even larger one!!  I highly recommend these "rainfall" showerheads!
Pik Stik reacher/grabber did exactly what it said.  I used the 32 in size to pick up items from the floor and in the yard.  I'm 5'4" and did not have to bend over to pick up things.  It picks up coins, small pieces of paper, as well as jars, and leaves/gumballs from outdoors. I am completely satisfied
I had a horrible cold, felt like complete #### but I HAD to work. This little two ounce vitamin B shot knocked the crappy feeling outta me and I was able to get some work done. There really is no crash and the taste isn't that bad. ..it tastes like a melted freeze pop.
NOTE: It may give you the jitters if you drink it on an empty stomach
Im a truck driver that dosent drink coffee. Can you believe it!?
My hours are really weird as my day may start at 8AM or at 8PM & I might work for 10 to 14 hours per shift. Ive used half a bottle to a full bottle at a time & have always gotten the boost I need to get where Im going. I also may use it to start my day or to finish it. 
I started using 5 hour about 6 months ago. I dont use it everyday but when I need it, it works well. The nice thing is, when I finally call it a day I can lay down & get to sleep. Unlike other products Ive used, I dont have that ragged feeling afterward.
I purchase in quantities of 100 & carry 25 or so on the road.
recieved product on time, and i wil for sure order from this company agai
I have owned and broken most grabbers on the market. The fold-up Gopher is a joke, another, with a flimsy wire down the center breaks after too much use, and the heavy-duty unit from Lowes is hard on the wrist. This unit is the smart way to go! It is strong and durable and makes the most sense in the way it utilizes the strength of the hand and fingers and relieves pressure from the wrist. Also, it is exactly the correct length for a six foot man. No bending at the lumbar required
My mother in law thought it was reduculous to spend more that twenty bucks on one of these because she got one that has ocean sounds... birds.. ect. But all those other machines have that creepy digital sound for white noise...and the waves inevitably break and the birds stop chirping as soon as the car alarm goes off in the street. This is the only sound we need! 
We bought it for our 3 month old daughter because we live in a noisy part of the city and our neighbors kept waking her up. She slep great from day one... now we use it as part of her bedtime ritual.. bath, jammies, book, SLEEPY MACHINE... and off to sleep she goes
We originally got this to replace the "fan noise" in the winter due to our sons' room being so cold.  The first couple days the sound seemed so loud but you quickly get used to it.  We've discovered it's very helpful for blocking out the noise of other children running through the house while our newborn is sleeping in addition to the city noises at night.  With the adjustability dials it's ideal for a nursery or bedroom for those who cannot sleep without a fan.  It doesn't however, cover the sound of someone coughing or snoring loudly.  Would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a sound machine for environmental noise, especially for children
This is the best sound machine out there.....I worked in a doctors office where they used these, and they were amazing.  My husband cannot sleep without some sort of "white noise".  We purchased this and our sleep couldn't be better.  Best bet for the money.  It's also adjustable as far as volume, just twist the top.  Very quick shipping as well.  
I don't know why most of the reviews are so negative.  Mine works perfectly, it does not flip-flop, does not drop down and you can remove those thingies inside to make the water pressure higher for a more soothing shower experience.
Reason I gave it 4 stars is because I have what is called a "diverter valve" attached to my shower head.  The waterpik is meant to be installed DIRECTLY onto the shower head itself.  I could not do that, because I have a portable "wand" that is moveable via hose connected to the valve and noticed that the threading is too short for the waterpik to latch on to.
Went to Home Depot and got an extension and a coupling, kind of ingenious and used lots of pipe tape to "interface" the waterpik via the extension, via the coupling ONTO the diverter valve..... Wow!  NO LEAKS!  Works PERFECTLY.
For those of you out there that has a diverter valve for more then one showerhead option, go to Home Depot, Lowe's or a hardware store and what I wrote above will work as it did for me.
Enjoy
que maravilla comprar por amazon.com todo llego en perfecto estad
I purchased this size ramp to handle wheelchair access over the two-inch threshold to our house and it has done that, but I wish now that I had selected a size longer than 16 inches in order to have a more gradual incline. I use a power wheelchair with plenty of power but have found that the chair's direction becomes a little unstable when it reaches the top of the ramp due to the slope, necessitating careful maneuvering to continue in a straight line into the house. It was easy to install, however, with the included mounting screws and seems sturdy and durable
My hair is very wavy and frizzy, I have to condition my hair every day so it doesn't look dry and damaged. 2 weeks ago I got my hair cut, the stylist used a Sedu straightener on me. Wow! Suddenly, my hair was stick straight and super glossy (really brought out the natural highlights). I bought one from him for $199 (should have checked the Internet first). 
I've tried a cheap flat iron before; after wrestling with it for 40 minutes and pulling the heck out of my hair, all I got was slightly "pressed" hair. 
The Sedu iron has super smooth ionic plates, so it glides through your hair very easily, quickly and smoothly. No more pulling of my hair. I can give myself smooth, gorgeous, in about 5 minutes. Another plus is that the style will stay until the next time you wash your hair; Now i only have to straighten my hair every other day. 
Sure, Sedu is on the expensive side, but this salon-quality tool is more than worth it. Look good and feel good every day!
I read many reviews on this product and other products similiar to it before deciding on the Sedu.  It took me a week to get the product and I anxiously tried it as soon as it arrived.  I must say that the products is a dream come true.  I am an African American woman and I have never been able to get my hair as straight as I am able to do now, not even when going to the salon.  When I went back to work from the weekend, my coworkers all commented on how much longer my hair looked (because it was truly straight).  I would recommend this to any woman.  I have not been back to the salon in the last 2 months
I like this kit very much and my colleague are going to purchase it when they saw mine
Calvin Klein's Obsession was one of the earliest releases in the designer fragrance craze, and it has since become a classic.  Obsession is a warm, earthy, sensual scent.  There is no floral or sweetness to it; rather, it has a musky, almost masculine quality with a bit of a vanilla note.  The scent is gently seductive--alluring enough for romance, but also subtle enough for everyday wear.  In has excellent staying power, as it lingers on the skin all day long.
Although Obession has all of the qualities I usually like in a fragrance--I definitely prefer musky, spicy scents to more floral ones--for some reason, Obsession is not one of my favorites; although I do enjoy wearing it on occasion, I actually prefer stealing some of my husband's Obession for Men to wear for myself!  Overall, however, Obsession for women is a classic fragrance that I would definitely recommend
For years I have had many a vacation ruined because I break out in hives with very little exposure to the sun.   After my dermatologist recommended this product I tried it. Two vacations later . . . Not a single hive or sunburn.  Well worth the price.   Actually goes pretty far also
I've been using this for the last 3 months and I'm a very satisfied customer. I get a very close shave, and no razor bumpors. I'm Afircan American and my beard is coarse and curly, sometimes with many razor this can lead to ingrown   hair problems. I highly recommend this, because it's a much close shave than the typical elctric razors by brands such as Braun and Norelic. It's very cheap and the only maintainence is clipper oil. I cam across these because the only time I would get a great shave was at the barber. When he used clippers on me I've never had any problems with ingrown hair, therefore I decided to own my own pair of clippers. I'm very pleased with with product and highly recommended as a very effective and affordable method for shaving and trimming
Didn't work if you dont take the full recommended amount. It may have helped me feel fuller, but it didnt help me lose any weight. I pulled out the old excersize bike and am plugging away at a low 20 min a day now. I still use it for the caffeien and possible apetite control benefit
I was having a problem with over-eating and eating when I wasn't hungry and as a result, gained quite a bit of weight, and felt awful.
I've only been using this product for three days, but already my portion size has shrunk immensely and my energy is way up.  I haven't felt jittery or shaky.  I feel better than I have in months.
I would recommend this to those who also have problems with cravings or portion size and want to drop some un-needed weight
I was skeptical about this product but tried it anyway.  It does work and it does eliminate the dip in the middle our mattress had formed.  This has given our mattress a little more life so it will last a little longer until it's time to give in and buy a new one
This product was nothing short of miraculous for me.
I'm in my early forties now with skin that has been trouble-prone since I hit my teens...and while I have used various and sundry products to control breakouts from acne and rosacea (which started about age 40), including retin A cream,  topical and systemic antibiotics, and every sort of over the counter cleanser, these treatments helps but if anything my breakouts were coming closer together and getting more severe as I aged.
I've been using the mask for about 8 mos and my skin is the nicest and most healthy it's been in many years....I had rapid improvement of both my regular acne and the rosacea on top of it.
Caution - I've never had any benzoyle peroxide sensitivity. People who are irritated by benzoyle peroxide probably won't have the same kind of experience I do.  
BP creams have always helped, but were not as effective as this mask, which really gets down in the pores.
I use it heavily.  I apply it either before I brush my teeth or before I get in the shower.  It is cool and refreshing.  I usually let it sit as a mask for a few minutes before I rinse off, although sometimes I use it just as a cleanser when my skin needs freshening...like after I've walked through a cloud of someones cigarette smoke.
It leaves my skin very, very  clean,  and *soft.*  I have never had any dryness or irritation from this product at all...indeed, my skin has become less sensitive and reactive and is calm and feels good when it used to be angry and irritated all the time.  The dryness others warn of has never been an issue for me.  it makes my skin feel like normal healthy skin.
Working outside in the heat or cleaning in a dusty, dirty environment used to cause my skin to break out.  Now before cleaning or working I will actually put a bit of this mask on- wne I am done,  my skin is none the worse the wear for the activity... I stay clear and smooth.  I guess it blocks the irritants or stops the sebaceous glands from making my pores either block or become a haven for bacteria.
I do not have serious acne all over my body...just a very trouble prone face for most of my adult life.   The benzoyle peroxide mask has ended this trouble for me.  I simply smooth a couple times a day for about the time it takes to brush teeth, and wash it off.  No prescriptions, no panicked spot treatment of painful blemishes or pustules...just perfect skin for me.  Amazing!!!
I was hesitant to spend this much money on a shaver but I am so glad I did. This one gives me a really good shave. I have had it for one month and have not used a hand razor since. Another review says the cleaning process is a bit loud, which it is but since you turn it on and leave it, I just close the bathroom door so the noise is not a problem.
I bought this Obus Forme king sized pillow because I thought it might stop my snoring.  I must admit to being surprised that the pillow actually did minimize my night time rattling if not eliminate it completely.  
There have been reviews that mentioned the pillow had a strange odor at first.  I found that it did give off a smell similar to that of a new carpet or some plastics, but that disappeared in just a few days and was never offensive.
My wife wanted to try my pillow and liked it so much she kept it.  I have just ordered a second pillow.
These are great glasses, easy to put on and take off, and are there around your neck waiting for you to use them. I saw them on the CSI NY coroner on TV and had to find some.  Amazon was the place to go
The product smells really good, is very affordable and helps maintain my hair style all day. I highly recommend trying it. I will make it part of my daily hairdress (grooming) for life!
I bought this straightner at Walmart for about the same price found on amazon and I really like it.  I bought it mostly to curl my hair like my stylist does.  I wanted a chi, but I couldn't pass this one up for the price.  I 've only used it a couple of times but it straightens well and can be used to curl my hair as well.  A good product for the price!!
I bought this for my husband.  He had a plantars wart on the bottom of his foot that was removed but became a callus that gave him pain.  Emu oil is the first thing that softened it and it is better than it has ever been and he had suffered with it for years
NV diet pills are working great for me- I lost 8lbs in a month!!! they work as long as you eat healthy and exercise regularly while taking the pills. It isn't a miracle pill so if you take it but eat nonstop all day and don't work out, of course nothing is going to happen. They really do control hunger because I take 2 a day and one day I was busy and forgot to take my 2nd pill and I was STARVING looking to eat anything and everything in sight
Great piece of equipment, no guessing how accurate the scale might be with this great Healthometer
Having struggled with digital scales that broke after a few years, I finally decided to get the scale my doctor has.  It's terrific because I can see it clearly (the numbers are right in my face) and it is built to last forever! My daughter and I assembled it with a minimum of effort. The directions are written clearly and all adjustments are super easy to handle. It is clearly the best scale I've ever owned.  The down side is that it needs a bit more space than a regular floor scale.  You can, however, buy a piece of plywood and put the scale on top of the wood in a carpeted room if your bathroom can't handle the bigger size
We use these in all of our humidifiers and they do a great job
This is very soothing for people with arthritis or any kind of injury and makes your hand feel wonderful
I love them! I have a fairly expensive 6 piece lithograph and each piece is about 15 lbs. We were not only able to hang them with minimal damage to the drywall but have them almost perfectly abutting each other
They taste good and stop those hunger pangs for quite some time
I read in one of the magazines, that many stars in Hollywood eat chocolate
to lose weight. I thought, that was some kind of cruel joke, until I read
that the chocolate they eat is with hoodia, but I could not find the name
for those chocolates.
I searched the internet, and was I happy to find Chocoleans!
I was going out on a date to my favorite sushi place, and had one  chocolean
before I left the house.
It worked! I could barely finish two sushi's  and I felt soo full.
Now I  eat one or two chocoleans a day with water or coffee, and eat soo
much less!
I already lost two dress sizes, amazing.
And, they are sooo delicious
I haven't actually used the bottles sent to me as of yet but used this product all last summer.  I love the fact that the Blue Lizard Suncream stays on so well.  My kids can swim and stay at the beach for hours and Blue Lizard does the trick!!!  I don't think they got burnt one time last year while I was using this.  Great Product!!
this is the best bargain for your money.pampers swaddlers are better than pampers. even better than costco brand. worth every penny
These are the best diapers I have used. They are soft, flexible, and easily adjustable for a good secure fit. They hold leaks extremely well. Of course leaks do occur (why wouldn't they if your baby has, say for example, 4 explosive poops in the course of 5 minutes....it's happened), however this is to be expected. They do not occur regularly and the diapers are not saggy, but fit very snuggly which provides for good protection. I HIGHLY recommend these
The magnet is solid, the frame wiggle perfectly to make it clic and fit just like the picture shows.  Lenses are clear and functional.  However, they need to give a bit more space to accomodate larger heads, since it can get snug and this is NOT your usual glasses.  Notice that the frame encircles the head, making head size an issue.
On the plus side- the glasses won't fall off when you bend forward, they stay around your neck after you unclick 'em, and they are functional
I had my original clic readers for about six years before I had to replace them. I love the quality of the lenses, the ease of use and the fact that I do not have to remember where I put them when I took them off. I never take them off and have even  ordered several pair for other people at work. I am a carpenter and other than having to clean sawdust that accumulates on them once in a while, find them to be one  of the most useful tools I own.
If you don't like getting attention, these are not for you.  I'm often surprised by people's astonished reactions to the act of putting them on and taking them off; I'm so accustomed to pulling them apart, that I forget how unusual the viewing public finds it.  
I have been wearing Clics for nearly a year.  I pretend that I don't need glasses, but of course I do and have for nearly a decade.  Popped the standard diopter lenses out, and put in my bifocal prescription.  It worked great, despite a warning from my optical shop.  (And even if they had broken from the experiment, the price is right:  I could try it again.)
Previously I was wearing glasses on a chain.  Besides the various difficulties noted by another reviewer, I also found that the plastic loops that connect the chain to the arms of the glasses have a bad habit of stretching. Then the glasses slip off the chain at inappropriate times and the frames break.  
I call the color of mine "magenta" - which may or may not be the same as the online "red" - I bought them in a shop (**gasp**).  My short hair is not a problem, but I agree that reading in bed doesn't work.  So I use a different pair for those occasions
These glasses are a great idea.  However, they do not work with long hair.  The back "strap" of the glasses has to ride high up on the back of the head for the lenses to rest low on the nose (so you can see over them for distance).  Long hair lays on the back of the glasses and pushes them down in the back, making the front of the glasses pop up and placing the lenses right in front of the eyes. I guess most people who need reading glasses don't have long hair
I loved this product, really leaves my hair really straight without even blow drying!! I have curly hair and it worked pretty well, my hair was smooth and shiny, I'm very happy with my straightener
I like this product a lot. My hair type is curly and frizzy specially after the hair gets dried up naturally after the head bath. I used this product and my hair looks good now. It looks smooth and straight now and I can feel the softness when I touch my hair. I definitely will recommend this product to my friends.....
omgosh i cannot tell you how much i love this straightener. it makes my hair SO SOFT its like baby bottom soft or when u sand wood for a really really long time. i LOVE it. i use it everymorning.. at night i use the wet setting to dry off my hair and then in the mroning i finish it off with the dry settting. but i also use sunsilk pink bottle 24/7 creme. its an absolute must-have. 
to the person who gave it one star.. maybe yours was a defect. im sure everyone else who has rated it so far loved it. did you straighten it section by section? it doesnt work if you do it all at once. 
i recommend this straightener! its not that expensive and also makes a great christmas gift. looks nice too.
enjoy
i normally have severe pain in my neck especially when i first get up in the morning causing extremely painful headaches and migraines. this pillow has kept my neck in a suitable position, eliminating about 70-90% of my problems
I was suffering from intense neck and shoulder pain before I started using this pillow.  When I started sleeping on it a couple of months ago, the pain was gone after the first night, and it hasn't come back since then.  It supports my neck perfectly.  I highly recommend
I've been relying on this lotions for over a decade.  Of the many I've tried, it's the only one that provides both immediate dryness relief and long-lasting moisturizing.  Some may find the initial glycerin slickness to be excessive, especially on hands, but if you have skin as dry as mine you'll tolerate a minute or two of "greasiness" for the softness and comfort that lasts for hours.  These comments are for Neutrogena Emulsion only -- Neutrogena Body Lotion did not work well for me
Over the past two years I have been using several different green food products to try to find one that has a reasonable taste and seems to satisfy my physical needs. At age 70 those needs are many. After approximately two rounds of trying, it is Miracle Greens that has been most consistant in good taste and at the same time satisfying many of the needs I have for feeling better in general
Bumble & Bumble products are a special "me" treat for pampering. The shampoo is mild and keeps my long, permed hair in great shape
I have several of these glasses now.  Love them. They are strong and adjustable and so much better then wearing the granny cord around your neck.  I wish there was a berrer looking sunglass besides that goggle looking one.  Good price and good product.
I saw these reading glasses on CSI:NY and just had to have them! It's really nice to have a quality pair of reading glasses...and the WOW factor doesn't hurt either! I've read some of the reviews and can see where women with hair past their shoulders might have a problem with this type of glasses. My hair is shortish (layered to the bottom of my neck) and I wouldn't want it any longer if I was going to wear these glasses a lot...which I do! They aren't portable...but they aren't supposed to be. I keep mine in my office where I need to take them on and off the most frequently. I'll probably get another pair for home but I'll used my old ones I can put in my case for carrying in my purse. All in all...I'm very glad I got them
This is the longest period of time that my husband has kept a pair of reading glasses. The Click readers loop around his neck and are always there when he needs them. He gets lots of comments about how neat they are
This isn't a product thats going to get you laid after she sniffs it a couple of times. It's starts the chat and dialog.   What it does do is start the conversation and keep you the their target. M-11 kicks up the yackity yak in her with you being the focus. I;ve tried a few of them including that 90 dollar rip off thats advertised in Popular Science, and this is  product works just fine. Give it a go guys. It gets you past that awkward dork moment when you are trying to talk about somthing other that what Starbucks you hang at. Its not a sex pill so forget it. But, it will open up the road you need to walk down to get to the garden of eden or whatever. So don't be a little whimp. Be a man and give it a go. Its a way to the women you want via the mental route. Yes, you have to think. It will work for you so do it
I wanted a cordless shaver because at my age (49) I need my glasses on to see the hairs I'm shaving, and that doesn't work well in the shower!  This Braun is a good buy, easy to use, and works well if you follow the directions and shave slowly.  It's not as close or smooth as a blade and shaving gel, but it's quicker and less mess, so I think it's a good trade-off.
The Ultrasonic Aromatheropy Fountain is really unique.  The sound generated, yet unheard, causes water to spring up from the surface 3-4 inches to provide a fountain-like water sound. At the same time, the frequency of the sound waves create a plesant cool misty fog that slowly boils over the sides and out along the surface it is sitting on. All the while, led lights under the water slowly change seemingly to all colors.  The construction was just a little light duty other than that, Very Nice
I've had this trimmer for 10 years and never had a problem.  Sometimes the switch needs to be moved twice but it always works.  Never falls apart and cut hair great.  I'd buy another if this one would ever wear out! 
Most reviewers on this site are unenthusiastic about this particular product.  I think the main reason for that level of dissatisfaction is, as someone else suggested, that people need to pay attention to how, exactly, this trimmer works.  Because of its design, best results are obtained when it is inserted, withdrawn, then inserted again, and the procedure repeated.  Second tip: rinse the rotating blade, switched ON, under the HOT tap to remove accumulated hair, etc, after each use.  It works better when clean.
The main PLUS of this product is its size.  Yes, it is flimsy, made in China, and would probably sell for $2.50 if it didn't say Panasonic on it - or come with a 12-month Panasonic warranty.  But it works very well if you use it right and keep it clean. I have had mine a couple of years and the only problem is that the blade is now dull and replacement blades are apparently not available
I really like this curling iron...- and you definitely can't beat the price!  It heats up very quickly, and gives me great curls.  The key to working with large barrel curls are to use a mouse or cream to texturize your hair.  Then, after you curl, make sure to take a blowdryer on cold/low setting to lock the curls down.  I always receive so many compliments on my hair!!
I am a big fan of 2" curling irons, but they can be difficult to find.  My last one (different brand) wore out a couple years ago and I had a hard time finding a replacement until now.
I have shoulder length hair, fairly thick, plus wavy and frizzy.  2" curling irons do a great job of smoothing and straightening my hair, while also turning it under (or up, if desired) at the ends for a nice, finished look.  I find it much easier and faster than using a traditional flat/straight iron while achieving superior results.  You will not get "curl" with this curling iron.  You will get smooth hair quickly and easily.  Highly recommended
I was searching for a two inch curling iron for a while. I have had so -so dealings with Gold N Hot in the past so I was a little nervous but I purchased this one anyway. So far, so good. It's surprisingly light (at least compared to my one inch ceramic tools curling iron). I usually let my hair air dry and use my curling irons to straighten my hair as I curl the ends (I'm black with a relaxer.) I have yet to do it with this one. Although I might try b/c it gets really hot. (I usually have it on around 20-25 out of 30)
The only problem is that the ceramic can chip off (It happened with the first one I bought, but I returned it and got a new one that hasn't chipped so far) and it's so big that if you take your thumb off the spring grip, it can be hard to get it back on (I have huge hands too.
After brushing with the HydraBrush, my teeth feel as clean as when I've been to the dental hygenist.
This is a great product.  I am so glad that replacement brushes are available at Amazon
Una de las mejores compras que he hecho, es facil de manejar y  deja el cabello liso y con brillo...
Es fantastica
WHat I like best is that it is non addictive. It puts you right to sleep within 20-30 minutes. It really helped me and my boyfriend regulate our sleep patterns
Sedamine is great sleep aid. I've been dealing with no sleep problems for about 8 months and I tried nearly everything including old remedies-I thought I would go crazy if I didn't find help. Not sleeping has been awful. Since end of July I started with the Sedamine product and it started working right way. I tell anyone to try it cause it help me it help anyone.
I have a pretty complicating sleep schedule because of my graveyard shift at our local convenient store, with school and all it's kind of hard keeping my sleep schedule straight. I've tried many sleep aids and this one worked the best for me, no grogginess which is totally awesome for the days I have class early!
the pills really do work.  I stopped taking stacker over a year ago and i stopped my routine workouts and i gained 40 lbs in just one year!  I was so frustrated and dissapointed at myself so i started going to the gym but i was finding it hard to motivate myself to do anything while at the gym.  I just started taking stacker3 for one week and already i have dropped almost 10 lbs (of course with excersise as well)  This pill not only helps with energy but as i have read, it also works as a metabolism enhancing property! Thank you NVE for a great product.  THe only negative thing about it is that i sometimes feel dizzy and a numbness to my fingers.  (that was the reason i stopped taking it in the first place but its really not life threatening or as serious as it may sound)
We have a "closet shower", which made it difficult to get out of the way of the water spray (not to mention having water spray out the door).  We picked up this neat little shower head, and we're much happier now.  You can avoid the water more easily (for shaving, washing body, etc.), and since it aims straight down, no more turning the shower head all the way to the side to avoid it going right out the door.  It's inexpensive, and has made our shower experience much better.  I definitely recommend it
I have had this model for years!  And I cut my hair with it 3-4 times a month between me & my sons.  It is the best clipper set I have ever owned.  Most clippers I buy only last 1-2 years.  I have had this one I think 5-6 years!  Well worth the money
Wow!  I'm really impressed!  I've had trouble cleaning under my bridge.  I can fish floss under there and clean it good, but it takes a lot of time.  Now I just blast it clean in minutes.  It does a good job of cleaning my back teeth.  I've never been totally satisfied with just flossing.  Now they feel perfectly clean.  I love this device!  It doesn't replace flossing.  It does a great job under the gums, but I still feel cleaner after flossing.  It's great as a between brushing "touchup".  I recommend it to anyone.  My mouth hasn't felt this clean in years.  I feel like I've come from the Dentist after a cleaning.  Thats a great feeling to have every day
This was my first purchase of Seventh Generation products and it won't be my last one.  I was very impressed with the cleaning and it is just as good as those not so earth friendly competitors.  I feel good using their products and have also ordered their fabric softner, dishwasher liquid, dishwashing liquid, bleach, paper towels, and toilet paper.  I'm not a treehugger but do care about my environment and feel a duty to make earth a better place to be
It's pretty good...don't see it making anything "firmer" but it works nicely as a moisturizer.  I checked the internet and apparently the person posting stuff above has been posting the same thing [about it ruining their life] all over the net.
Probably an allergic reaction, you always have to test a little piece of skin before slopping something in your eyes ;
I have over 60 mens fragrances that range from $50.00 to $320.00 and found that I get more compliments when I wear this fragrance than any other fragrance that I wear as well as having an risque appealing bottle. Great must-have for any man
I found this product to be very unique, and helpful, in that I could quickly remove & retain the glasses around my neck.
Being far-sighted, I have come to need reading glasses, and these are perfect for my needs.  I can look 'down' through them, and look 'over the frame' for distance, all while they are secured around my head and neck.
I do hiking, using a GPS device, and these glasses allow me to look down at the GPS device in my hand, while also looking forward towards my path of travel.
Thank you for the innovative product
My husband was leaving more than 20 pairs of reading glasses everywhere and any where and could still never find a pair when he needed them....even to ead a menu! These glasses are the answer to anyone who wears reading glasses. I bought them in all colors for him and even bought a pair work a friend who works with him(he loves them as well and bought in more colors also). Neither of them have lost a pair in all of these months. They also have started so many conversations. Everyone who has asked about them has done the same and have bought in all colors. It takes a little adjusting and getting use to but everyone we know has never returned a pair. Only reason they have returned was to order in more colors or to order for friends and loved ones! These glasses are fantastic! Thanks for the great service
I love the idea of the glasses always being where I can find them.
The only problem is they need to also be adjustable for how wide         the band is.
Every time I look up the magnets pop apart.
If they fix that, I'd give them 5 stars !!
My husband was totally delighted with the Rollator Walker.  It is so much easier to use than the typical walker that we had to wonder why anyone wouldn't want this new, much more attractive kind.  It folds up very easily when not in use and the basket comes in very handy for carrying things.  When folded up it fits in the back seat of our car, and it would probably fit in the trunk if your truck is fairly large.  We put it together in about 5 minutes and the price was great, what more can you ask
I ordered this walker for my father a few months ago and am well-pleased.  It is much less expensive than comparable walkers.  The cushioned seat and basket are handy for long "trips" and the wheels roll smoothly even over grassy areas.  A good buy for someone looking for a quality walker.  Even ships for free
  This product rocks , if you are serious about body building this is a must have ...I've been using NO-Explode about two weeks and seen some serious enhanchments.. First of my workout lasts at least an hour longer than usual and still have energy left over . Combine this product with the right amount of protein shake you are good to go...also note that this product does not cause any stomach cramping or aching like other creatine products do and tastes great
This product is ridiculous!!  Not in a bad way but ridiculous in the fact that my first time taking a serving I felt twice the energy, twice the bloodflow and three times as ready to hit the gym.
My first thoughts, "well maybe it's because my body isn't used to it yet".  Well, four tubs later I had dropped two pants sizes (32 to a 28), gained 15lbs in pure muscle and still have the exact same effects as I did the first serving!!
Not only that, I have passed this little known supplement on to friends and they have all said the same exact thing.  OMG!!  I only work out to stay in shape but with this product many people are telling me I look like I workout professionally
This the best product out there for preventing and ridding red bumps, ingrown hairs, and the other unslightly skin/hair irritations
these wipes are great.  i have three children and have used the pampers, huggies, and house-brand wipes.  the huggies are too thick and it seems you need more of them to get the job done. house-brand don't smell as good and tend to be a bit rough.  the pampers are thin, soft, and moist enough to get the job done-because they are thin, they can be maneuvered around in all the important places and folded / refolded for 100% useage (unlike the huggies that once they are folded they become too thick to maneuver).  definitely not too dry as other reviewers have said.  if you want something moister, go get a paper towel and wet it with water
The shampoo doesn't lather.  But it has a nice subtle scent that lasts all day.  And it seems to be doing it's job at fighting dandruff since my hair has been itch-free since I started using it.  So I would recommend it
my husband is a wheelchair user and loved these, said it keeps his eyes warm while driving down the stree
I have three types of headlamps and I like this one the most.
Here is why: 1) it's cheap, 2) it runs a long time on three AAA batteries, and 3) the red light is awesome. 
You can use the red light and still keep your "night vision". I use it to read in bed becasue it is not as visible or distracting to others as a white light.
My only problem with it is that the knobs are a little confusing, even after two years of use. I often have to twist twice to get the right setting. And I'm usually good at that stuff
Fantastic, a great product, especially considering the price.  I love the size.  I love that the height is adjustable.  It is exactly what I wanted, and I am thrilled with it. 
I love the taste of these little Chocolates. I find that I need to have one 1 hour before eating - less and they don't work. If I have  two in one day (late morning, mid-afternoon) the effect is cumalative. I can eat a very light dinner and be completely satisfied
I absolutely love this little book light.  It is so slim and easy to store, plus I can use it for my magazines and paperbacks. I highly recommend this item.  A++
This is exactly what I needed for my macbook computer.  It's comfortable and keeps my laptop from sliding around.  GREAT
Although I am a writer who composes on the computer, I often do my editing on hard copy in a comfortable chair.  Until I started using the Posture-Rite Lap Desk, I could not do this comfortably.  Now I have it, it fits my lap perfectly, I use it and love it. I recommend it highly. 
I use and like most all of the Olay lines of products.  This one is great because it is not only a sunscreen but a skin treatment as well.  I can't wait for the one that has a "hint of tan" in it along with the sunscreen to be on the market. I heard about it, but apparently it is not out as of yet.
I carry a lot of tension in my neck and upper back, and as a result get a lot of headaches.  I have been using the Real-Ease for about two months, and have found it very effective at releasing the tension in my neck and upper back and alleviating my headaches.  I have not used it as a preventative - only when I already have a headache.  If something happened to the one I have, I would definitely buy another
Dr. Riter's Real-Ease is a simple, gentle, and healing neck support.  It is effective, easy to use, and affordable.  It helped healing post accident, and with general body pain healing and relaxation
After just 3 weeks of using this product my fasting blood sugar has dropped to 111.  Thats over 40 points!!!!  Pretty impressive.  My Dr. started me on Metformin but it made me very sick.  This stuff works much better wiht no side effects.  I wish I had known about this years ago as I have been fighting with high fasting sugars for years.  This product is a god send. 
This is a great tool. This help people to get back on track "physically". It is hard to find effective training tools. This one is great for those who need back door training. Simple to use and Rock Hard! Up yours
I really like this product. It's very dry and windy here and my lips have been very chapped. The Neutrogena has helped 100% when nothing else worked!! I'll definitely buy this product!
I'm not sure how well since I have never used anything like this before, but my bath water feel a whole lot better and I do not itch for an hour afterwards. I probably should have rated a 5 star, but I really have no base for comparing. I will definitely buy this product again.
Saved my love life, literally.
It worked for me in a couple days and though its a tad pricey well worth the money, doesnt burn or sting either. If only all other stuff I used worked this good I coulda had a date to the prom. Cause I tried everything.
Thanks Princereign
I found this product to be very unique, and helpful, in that I could quickly remove & retain the glasses around my neck.
Being far-sighted, I have come to need reading glasses, and these are perfect for my needs.  I can look 'down' through them, and look 'over the frame' for distance, all while they are secured around my head and neck.
I do hiking, using a GPS device, and these glasses allow me to look down at the GPS device in my hand, while also looking forward towards my path of travel.
Thank you for the innovative product
I love the idea of the glasses always being where I can find them.
The only problem is they need to also be adjustable for how wide         the band is.
Every time I look up the magnets pop apart.
If they fix that, I'd give them 5 stars !!
I have nothing bad to say. it gets hot enough. it was cheap. it seems well made. the cover is washable. it's just what I was looking for
I found this product after reading a review of it on hairboutique.com.  The length of my hair seemed to have reached a plateau just below my shoulders and after year seemed to have grown no longer.  I decided to try this product to see if it worked.  As hair growth is normally clocked at an 1/8 of an inch per month, I decided to monitor the results in my own little "clinical test."  This was actually pretty easy because I colour my hair so I'd easily be able to see how much growth there was each month.  
I ordered a box of Viviscal for which I paid $49 for (average price on the web) and the was set to take the first pill the following morning (the box recommends 2 per day).  I coloured my hair the night before so that in one month I'd be able to accurately measure how much growth there had been by looking at the growth since the colouring.
Results:
I didn't really notice anything until around the 2 week time frame.  I noticed my nails were growing very fast/very long.  I have weak nails that split easily and they barely seem to grow at all.  It was very noticeable because I use the computer all day and the nail growth was causing my fingers to constantly slip on the keyboard.  Never having great nails, I was pretty happy to see this.  My curiosity was also getting the better of me as I could see the roots of my hair pretty clearly which was unusual at 2 weeks after coloring.  I took the tape measure and measured almost 1/4 of an inch in hair growth.  This would mean 1/2 inch per month and 6 inches per year.  I was pretty excited because although the numbers seemed small, it was twice the rate my hair normally grows.  But I also noticed something else.  My hair was becoming unusually greasy.  Because I have very dry hair, I normally only wash it 2-3 times a week.  But every other day it seemed much more greasy than normal.  Hmmm.
Well, at the 1 month time frame I measured my hair growth and it was exactly 3/4 of an inch.  Not only that but I was constantly trimming my nails at this point.  I was totally ecstatic.  But also by this point, I was washing my hair every day - it was no longer dry and brittle, it was much softer, but there was no way I could miss a day of washing it or it would be greasy.
So - the conclusions I have reached from my test was this:
1.  Yes, Viviscal works.  It caused my hair growth to be stimulated at over twice the speed.
2.  Viviscal also makes your nails much stronger and grow much faster.
3.  Viviscal makes your hair greasy, causing you to have to wash it every day - and then it's fine.
It did not cause any extra hair growth anywhere else, which I thought a bit strange (though good!!!).
I recommend this product
As a reviewer of the Hitachi Magic Wand, I can say that this Accuvibe seems just as adaquate to do the job, the plus is that this can be used with or without the power cord. Perhaps just not as powerfull as the Hatachi but pretty dam comparable if not the same, the cordless battery operation is worth the trade off. As mentioned it does the job
While some of Larabars have a thick grainy-nut texture, this particular product is very smooth and almost tastes like chocolate candy. For those of us who can't eat real candy because of allergies, this one is a winner! It almost tastes like a soft Girl Scout thin mint cookie
Old Spice Classic is far and away the best deodorant I've ever used. It goes on clean, unlike those "powdery" white deodorants. It also has a great fragrance and longevity after application. I think a lot of that is due to the high alcohol content; if you look at the ingredients, you'll see that alcohol is listed first. In fact, the container sports a "flammable" warning. The alcohol really does work well to contain odor. Alcohol-based deodorants are pretty hard to find, so I'm thankful this product is still being made
This shaver is the best shaver I have ever used. It gives me the closest shave. It is very comfortable to hold. It is great. My brother-in-law liked it so much he bought one
   Yo nunca habia usado una afeitadora electrica y al comprar esta hice una excelente inversion porque me deja la piel practicamente lisa, muy suave y lo mejor de todo no tengo que usar agua. Le dura la bateria y se limpia muy facilmente con el cepillito que trae. Si compras el polvo de remington que ellos recomiendan es mucho mejor porque la afeitadora se desliza con mas suavidad. Saludos Rafael desde Cabimas Venezuel
This is the best shaver I've ever used.  It shaves closer and quicker than the many Norelcos I've used, all of which costed a lot more than the R-960.  The only improvement I'd like to see is in the battery, which does not really maintain its strength well between charges
This is a great shaver.  If you are in the market for one, considered the Remington R-960.  I am of Afro-American descent and was very skeptical about buying a rotary we shaver.  I had always gotten excellent results using Remington shavers that were of the micro thin type to tackle the tough turf around my mug.  With its ergonomic design, it was very easy to manipulate the shaver around in tough areas.  I had considered purchasing that of another brand until I discovered that Remington makes one and now... I'm loving it
We needed something for our baby's room so that we wouldn't have to tip-toe around the house while she was napping. We ordered this item based on the great reviews, but didn't really know what to expect. It's much like the noise produced by a small fan, but without blowing air. It has two speeds, and complete control over the volume and pitch by adjustment of the louvers. Some reviews we read said it was not loud enough. I can't imagine that being a problem as we have it on the quietest setting (louvers completely closed, and low speed) and it's perfect. On high it's PLENTY loud for a device used while sleeping. This product did the trick for us, and I would recommend it to anybody with a light-sleeping baby
Recently got my SleepMate and it is very effective.  Somehow it blocks out most sounds outside of my bedroom, and I don't have any trouble sleeping.  I use to wake up at least 2-3 times a night, and have the hardest time getting back to sleep.  I hardly ever wake up at all now.
Great product, and I'd definately recommend it to anyone in need of a good night's sleep
I bought this as a present for my mother but tried it first to be sure it was worth the money.  It really is!  After using this the recomended 15 minuets, my feet felt just like they did when I had a professional foot massage!  I highly recomend this for anyone who enjoys having thier feet massaged
I wasn't sure what to expect when I 1st tried this two-part microdermabrasion & Peel kit.  I use it twice a week, and what a difference it has made on my skin.  The only thing is , I wish they made a bigger bottle of the Peel.  Mariann
A friend of mine used to meet me for lunch while boasting a beautiful & glowing face from a $50.00 facial she had just received.  This product (even after the 1st use) produced the same results & I never had to leave my home.  My skin always goes through hell during the winter months when its continually exposed to artificial heat.  My skin feels & looks like I've lost about 7 years time.  I'm very, very pleased with Olay.  I've used their Total Effects lotion for years & I did purchase the regenerist serum to apply after using the kit.  This is an excellent exfoliant & hands down, the best skin regenerating product I've ever used
I've been using regenerist daily for 6 months. I added the peel system this past month. What a change! I'm 60. My skin has clarity I haven't seen in years. Pores close up, small lines and wrinkles really do seem to disappear. I'll stick with this from now on
After going back and forth between Oil of Olay and Neutrogena I settled on this product mostly because of the price (plus no one complained about the granules getting into their eyes.) I'm happy with the results- my skin is softer and appears to have taken on more clarity. The orange smell is lovely and it only takes two minutes (I do it in the shower.) Of course, it's not microdermabrasian, but it is a great exfolliater for your skin
I love this product. It just tastes great especially with milk.
We used this for my newborn daughter up until 3 months when her digestive system finally started to mature enough to not have gas frequently.  As a previous reviewer stated, sometimes it works, sometimes not, so I combined it with the recommended dosage for Infant Gas Drops and that would do the trick.  I found Little Tummy's brand at Babies-R-Us, which is less expensive and is the same thing.  
Later, after 6 months and trying new foods, there has been a couple of occasions when you could tell something didn't agree with her.  I gave her the recommended dosage for her age and she'd clearly feel better
Delivers moist heat. Great large size. You won't find anything larger anywhere.VERY relaxing as lavender is calming.
Only problem is it only stay warm enough for 10 min and heat really should be applied for 20 minutes.
I have placed a heating pad underneath in it the last 10 min. and lied down with head & neck in comfortable position and it did a great job. 
Pricey but worth it
Received the monitor quickly.  It works well.  The automatic feature is great. 
  I found this blood pressure meter easy to use and quite accurate when checked against my doctors readings.  Keeping the readings in memory made it very easy to keep my doctor inform of the results.  The size of the cuff is very important, so be sure to order the right size for your arm as the wrong size will give inaccurate results.  This is true in the doctors office also.  My blood pressure dropped several points in the doctors office, on his machine, just by changing the size of the cuff.
   This is an excellent monitor - I couldn't be happier with it.  It is nice to be able to use it with batteries too. 
I ordered 1 for my twin bed to try out.  Loved it, so I ordered a full and kingsize too!  I find I don't move around as much as I used to.  A more restfull sleep
This is a very good product.   It helps prolong the life of the electric razor
I've used this for quite some time now and really like it.  I don't have the trouble with the toilet flushing that others seem to - but I suppose if you have one of those one-gallon regulated toilets, you'd probably have some trouble with this paper.  It is thicker and tons softer, but it does a wonderful job too on things like runny noses, running cat's eyes, cleaning the bathroom sink, mirror, you name it.  It's pretty strong stuff and I highly recommend it
I've been using Remington's Shaver Saver for 20 years. It keeps your shaver clean, lubricates well with not too much gooey oil, and works in an instant. I use a Remington MS2-100 Microscreen 2, and after a Shaver Saver treatment the shaver glides smoother over my face and shaves quicker and closer. A treatment seems to last for a while and I don't think it's necessary to use it every day. Usually 2 to 3 times a week seems to be sufficient and your shaver will continue to perfrom like new
I bought this to go with my MS2-200BPT Shaver. I saw a review that said that it kept the shaver running well. I've been using it for about 1 month and I couldn't agree more. A quick spray on the cutters after shaving, and the next time I use it, it runs like new. I can tell the difference in the smoothness and speed of the shaver since I've started using it. As a bonus, it seems to last quite a while. Another strong product from Remington
I have several of these glasses now.  Love them. They are strong and adjustable and so much better then wearing the granny cord around your neck.  I wish there was a berrer looking sunglass besides that goggle looking one.  Good price and good product.
like the product very much. comfortable and convenient.  i would recommend then if: you have a small hat size, don't mind carrying around an odd shaped soft carrying bag.  with the above i don't have a problem.  the most distracting problem is your eyes sweat inside the foam enclosed, goggle like eye pieces on warm days.  i've thought about cutting vents in the foam around the eye, but have not done this as of jan,2007. i like them very innovative
I have six children and had been feeling extremely fatigued (like I could hardly move).  I had been taking a general multi-vitamin from a local warehouse store.  I started taking the Nature's Plus Source of Life, and I felt so much better.  My energy level has increased dramatically, and I just feel good.  Great quality product
Nearly two years of ownership and it has been a great purchase. I have no shame dorking up my drinking. Use to ensure legal driving or for ill advised contests. Also determine what at what BAC memory gets spotty (what point is there exceeding that?). Fun to call out big talkers who don't suspect you are packing a lie detector of sorts. Also useful to get people off your back who think you are too drunk to drive.
Pros
precision to third decimal place. rare at this price at time of my purchase
Very repeatable with consistant deep breath
Small enough to take to bars in jacket pocket or cargo pockets. Light for its size.
Cons
Innaccurate if sips have been taken within 10 minutes or so. True for all breathalyzers. Drunk idiots have tough time getting it through their heads
Warm up/calibration time ~45 sec. Another let down at parties but perhaps key to accuracy
Would be nice if it was more pocket sized
Chirps at you alarm clock style if above .08 "I know I'm drunk, shut up!
Very nice scale, worked wonderfully for a family member of mine with poor eyesigh
i purchused this for my daughter with vision then my vision impaired daughter used it while she was at home she loved it, so now i'm buying her one for her new ap
We have it hanging in a closet and it has been working great!  When it changes color all I do is plug it in for about 10-12 hours and then hang it back up again!  We are very satisfied
I purchase two of the Eva-dry EDV-500 renewable DeHumidifer and hang them inside the closet where I store my photo gears. Although in California is not so humid but little moisture do add up. This dehumidifer is so easy to use -- unwrap it then hang it there. I check them once per several day. When the silica gel change from blue to pick, I just recharge it by plug it into the electric outlet overnight, then next morning, wow, a renewed dehumidifer is ready to use again. The changing of color is very obviously. I strongly recommend this item
The product was a gift for my mother who needs extra circulation in her feet.  She loves it and it has helped increase the circulation
Mine is dry sensitive skin and the cream works well. I like the way this cream gives instant glow
I love this soap, it's a little big and hard to hold during shower, but the smell totally makes up for it!  it has a very strong (but good) grapefruit smell, it's very fresh and rinses completely off
The dispencer is easy to "squeeze" amount of moisturizer needed for one application. consistency of moisturizer is easy to apply, it's very mosturizing and on top of that protects agaist UV and aging! very convenient. But just a little bit on the high side for over counter cosmetics for my opinion
I bought from the 3 types of Olay total Effect, and I did try them after reading the instruction, There is no magical effect apeard after 1 month but there is diffrence, The company was very good in logistic maters
I used Aveeno moisturizer and thought I would try something new.  I have eczema on my face (around my eyes, nose and mouth) in the winter and have no signs of it after a few days.  My skin is very sensitive, and have experienced burning with other products, but not this one.  I sinks in quickly and is not greasy feeling or heavy, yet strong enough to tackle dry skin.  I highly recommend it
Purchased 15 15HP15RB heating pads that are used by dialysis patients.
They are doing great
This is my first electric shaver and I am very pleased with the results.  Use the Trimmer to reduce the length of the hair and then use the cleancut to "make it smooth".  No knicks no cuts!!! I am pleased!
It took a while to get this product but, it was worth the wait. The iron heats up quickly and easily. When you have arthritis like me, you appreciate the simplicities in this product. It heated up fast and safely AND it was so easy to grip the handle. It definitely styled my hair without over-processing it. Thanks
Optimum Nutrition's 100% whey protein is hands down the best I have tried, and I have tried a lot of different shake products in the past 10 years. I used to be committed to EAS and Labrada, but I found that the shakes are too hard for me to digest compared to ON Whey Protein. 
I mix it with water, and sometimes soy milk. It mixes easy, doesn't taste gritty, and is pure protein. It goes down very easy and I have no trouble digesting it, plus it builds muscle when combined with a solid workout plan. Plus, the price is reasonable.
I am a former General Nutrition Center employee and there are hundreds of "powdered" protein products that "hype" about the most important ingredient known for any person that works out. if you want a simple great tasting protein supplement that will help satisfy your daily intake without feeling sick, bloated or passing gas, then you need to trust in Optimum Nutritions 100% Whey Protein. It truly gives you the results you need as far as quality and nutrition goes. 
I strongly recommend 2% milk over water for even better taste, but water will still do the trick. If you buy Vanilla, i suggest mixing it with berries, bananas, strawberries, or bananas for added taste. 
this is by far the best protein supplement out there that is worth more for your money
I have been using this stuff regularly for about 10 months post workout & for meal replacement to keep up protein intake. I read alot about mixing whey with coconut water & that is how I have been taking it (blended with a couple ice cubes). If you like strawberry shakes this will be really easy for you to take, I do & I actually look forward to the shake
Tastes great, and it's good for a normal weight training person like me
If I could give this product over five stars, I would!  I get eczema on my eyelid and went through tons of products trying to find something to soothe it when I finally got this product in one of the starter kits Burt's Bees makes and I was hooked.  I use this with their marshmallow vanishing cream and my skin feels and looks great.  I have also noticed a decrease in the dark circles I always have when I use the royal jelly cream, though that could just be relief from no more eczema problems
All there products are great! They smell good and are good. Lathering is a more work but thats because they're natural. I use them on my babies and toddlers
I bought this as a trial product, because the other stuff that I bought didn't work as what they advertise it. But this dusters picks up the dust instead of pushing to another place. This refills is quite cheap and it make my cleaning job much easier
I am a busy architect and this is the 2nd pair of Clics I own.  
If you are active and need reading glasses they are perfect.
Their only drawback is that they take two hands to put on!  I'd 
look at slimming down the frames to make them less heavy and trimmer.
Lastly ~ I've found these readers to be really rugged and good for outdoor use
I started using this several months ago after seeing it chosen as the best by Consumer's Report.  Within a few weeks, I could see measurable improvement in my skin.  Sure, not all the deep wrinkles went away, but enough of the smaller ones smoothed away so my 58-year-old skin looks younger.
My skin feels so much smoother and looks fresh.  I've had a lot of sun exposure from living in Australia, South Texas and Florida, so I'm thrilled to find a cream that does such a good job.  Lots cheaper too than many skin creams
My grandmother actually gave me a small sample of regenerist. I started to use it and fell in love with it. I have suffered with acne my entire life and I have found combining this along with my salicylic acid treatment my skin has improved drastically. I have since purchased a bottle of the regenerist serum that had a sample of regenerist night. These both seem to be making my skin clear up and be much smoother for applying cosmetics, which has been a problem due to my skin texture
 Love this product, have been using Oil of Olay before it was heard of by most.This is more advanced and makes my skin look and feel more youthful
I bought this item for my husband for Christmas.  He has hip and knee problems so sleeping comfortably sometimes can be an issue for him.  We use these pillows everyday sitting up watching TV and he uses the head and knee wedges while he sleeps.  The only downfall now is that he sleeps so good he snores!
I am a foot reflexologist and I highly recommend this product. It is very helpful in working the reflexes on the bottom of the feet
 Kama Sutra Massage Oil in the 8oz bottle is really good stuff!
Keeps the skin so smooth and the girlfriend happy LoL just make sure you warm it up alittle before squirting it on. You will live longer
This sunscreen has the important components to give you UVA and UVB protection.  It goes on smooth for a sunscreen that uses Titanum Dioxide for  its protection agent.  My kids love that the bottle turns color when UVA rays touch it, indicating that sunscreen is necessary
This works better than any other women's shaver I've ever used.  It does give a close shave without irritating the skin
I was unsure if this product would be as good as the one sold at Brookstone.  It is great!  Just as good as the iJoy sold at Brookstone, but much cheaper.  I love it
I am the kind of person that gets leg cramps or easily gets tired legs after a short walk, yet I need to work and that means that I have to be standing long hours. So when I tried your leg massagers I was ecstatic to find out the relief it gave me after a 10 minute use. I now use it every chance I get, my children use it after their soccer games and love it as well. It is one of the best purchases I have made.  It was worth the investment
I thought this was convenient and easy to use. Seemed to give a pretty accurate reading.
This contains 16 servings, which means it will last you half a month.  That's pretty expensive when you break the price down by serving and whne compared with a 1 month supply of the flax capsules that costs $7.  However, liquid flax oil is a lot more concentrated than the pills you buy at the store.  
A flax oil pill typically contains 1000mg of flaxseed oil and a suggested dosage of 2-3 times a day.  So with pills you're getting 2-3g of flax oil a day.  With liquid flax oil, you're getting 14g of flax.  
If you are buying this for it's purported treatment of acne, sunburn, diverticular disorders, hemorrhoids, and more serious health conerns, it's probably best to consume the liquid flax oil.  If you just want the benefits of lower cholesterol and heart disease prevention, a pill a few times a day, combined with fish oil should be all you need.
It's definitely easier though to take a spoonful of this in the morning than 3 flax pills a day, and when you loook at value, you're getting 224g of flax oil in this bottle when compared with a typical 100g in a 100 pill bottle of the capsules.  It all depends on what you need it for
Flax is a plant. The seeds in the flax plant are filled with flaxseed oil, (sometimes called linseed oil). The seeds contain fatty oils called alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) and linoleic acid. ALA is the omega-3 oil in flaxseed. Flaxseed contains both omega-3 fatty acids and omega-6 fatty acids. Flaxseed is nature's richest storehouse of omega-3 fatty acids, and contains more than twice as much omega-3 oil as fish oils, and it costs less , ounce for ounce. Flax also contains other important substances like lignans, which may protect against some types of cancer. The husks of the seeds are rich in mucilage. Both the seed oil and mucilage have many nutritional and therapeutic properties. 
There are many potential benefits from taking Flax seed oil:
Flaxseed Oil lowers cholesterol levels, thereby improving cardiovascular health and lessening the risk of arteriosclerosis. 
Flaxseed also contains plant nutrients like phytoestrogens. These are natural estrogen-like substances that can lessen the discomfort of menopause.
Flaxseed oil may lower high blood pressure.
Flaxseed oil helps some people improve their psoriasis and eczema, as it has anti-inflammatory properties. Flaxseed may also reduce the itching, swelling, and redness associated with certain skin disorders such as acne.
Flaxseed oil has a positive effect on rheumatoid arthritis due to its ability to calm inflammation. 
Flaxseed reduces LDL (low-density lipoprotein) cholesterol (the body's "bad cholesterol") and lowers triglyceride levels. Research shows that flaxseed oil gives much better protection against heart attacks than canola oil or olive oil. 
Taking flaxseed may reduce cancer risk. This is because flaxseed contains the richest sources of lignan building blocks, which play a major role in preventing cardiovascular diseases and cancer. New research indicates that the lignans in flaxseed have both short-term and long-term protective effects against colon cancer. 
Nature Made Flaxseed Oil is a quality source of flaxseed oil, as the company is well-known and reputable. One tip: keep your flaxseed oil away from light and heat, as both degrade the oil. 
The usual beneficial dose of Flaxseed Oil is 2-3 capsules once per day taken with a meal.  
The benefits of Flaxseed Oil are cumulative.  Commit to taking it every day without fail.  Like any herbal supplement, don't expect dramatic quick results.  The results you get will be subtle at first and then build over time.  For specific conditions such as Rhematoid arthritis, exzema, psoriasis, acne, etc,. the results should be apparent in 4-8 weeks.  Be patient!  Know that even if you don't "feel" different, you are sill protecting your body from the harmfull effects of many disease conditions.  
Jim "Konedog" Koeni
Loving this Air Purifier! This was really the first one I have own so I can't compare it to any others. It is very quite, and takes alot of dust out of the air. The first time I had to replace the filter I was shocked by how much dust I could of been breathing in. Worth picking up, just wish it would of had an energy star label.
My youngest daughter has had mild to severe asthma for 32 years and has had to use an inhaler almost on a daily basis.  I bought her this product to use in her new house as she was having severe asthma attacks from dust, mold, pollen, ect.  She has been using this product for three (3) months now and she has not had to use her inhaler a single time.  We have used several other brands and types of air cleaners in the past twenty years but none have proven as effective as this product.  Highly recommeded
Back in the early 90s I was going through a bad acne period.  I finally visited a dermatologist, and he put me on an Accutane regimen.  I had sensitive skin and a tough beard, so regular shaving cream was too harsh (especially while taking Accutane - the solid brush-on cream I was using at the time burned the edges of my lips).  He recommended that I shave with Cetaphil.  Years later, my skin and beard are still troublesome.  Therefore, I've kept Cetaphil as a part of my shaving regimen.
Cetaphil goes on well and provides a nice lubrication for my shaver.  It's not harsh or irritating, even on a freshly shaved face.  However, it's kind of cold in the morning, which is a bit counter-productive after heating my face with hot water and shower steam to soften the whiskers.  So I put the bottle on the tub floor while showering to heat it up with the runoff.  By the time I'm done, it's warm enough for application after rubbing some around my hands for a second or two.  
However, even though Cetaphil feels good and lubricates well, its consistency is a bit thin to use alone.  I like a good lather, so I combine Cetaphil with Kiss My Face Moisture Shave, which was recommended to me by a woman working at GNC.  They mix well together, and I get a good, non-irritating shave by using the Gillette Fusion Power razor.  For post-shave comfort and to prevent breakouts, I apply a product that contains salicylic acid, such as Clean&Clear Dual-Action Oil-Free moisturizing lotion.
If you have a razor-challenging beard and skin combination like me, then make Cetaphil part of your shaving routine.  Recommended
I have been using this for my face for over 10 years.  It is very inexpensive (especially compared to other cosmetic brands) and cleans well without irritating or drying the skin.  I also used it on my 3 kids.  It comes in handy on the changing table, especially when the wipes were not quite "wet" enough to do the job!  It is also great for any spot cleaning anywhere on the body without rinsing.  It can just be wiped off without leaving any residue.  It is very gentle, even for newborn's skin
this product perfrorms as expected, and very easy to clean with almost not maintenance. it also has an adjust dial for the humidity, which gives you some control. love the machin
I'm a black male and everytime I would shave normally I would get irritated skin and ingrown hairs. At first i'd feel a little itch throughout the day and by the end of the day I'd see these tiny little bumps with white heads (about 10-20 of them). That was  before. Now after I apply the product I don't have the itch nor do the tiny bumps come up anymore. It just feels like I never had any hair on my face in the first place. The only bad thing about this product is that it burns slightly but I don't really care I mean it's not like the product claims to be painless. 
I installed this unit in my basement about 6 months ago, and it has been working flawlessly ever since.
Things I noticed:
If the power goes out, the unit will NOT turn back on automatically (as some other units do.)
If you want to use the continuous drainage (which I highly recommend) via a hose, you have to punch out a plastic disc on the side of the unit. I would have designed a screw-type plug that was replacable, but they didn't think of that. Anyway, once you punch the quarter-size disc out it's out forever.
If you choose to use the continuous drainage feature, you will need to pick up a hose with an inner diameter of 15mm (.59" or just over half an inch.) I went to the local DIY center and found some clear tubing that has worked well.
The unit can operate down to 2-degrees C (36-degrees F), which will be great for continuous operation in the garage to keep the tools from rusting.
Has three fan settings: med, high and quiet. "Quiet" really is quiet, and could probably work just fine in a bedroom. Though, it does warm the room it's in. How much it warms it depends on the humidity setting.
Four settings: The humidty level (humidstat) can be set to "continuous dehumidification" (which is the default setting), 50%, 60% and 70%. The fan will continue to run but the dehumidification processor will turn off when it reaches the selected humidity level. Cool. I mean, that's when the fan will just blow room-temp air.
A full drainage tank will stop the unit and illuminate a "tank full" indicator light.
The unit is not that heavy -- maybe for some, but not nearly as heavy as some people make it sound. It's 30.8 pounds.
According to the instructions: You will need at least 21 cm (about 8 inches) of clearance in front, behind and side to side. Air blows out of the top of the unit, so you'll need to make sure it's clear as well.
There are movable louvers on the top to direct the air straight up, 45-degrees or almost straight ahead.
Power consumption: CFM-25E is 220W // CFM-40E is 330W
I highly recommend this model dehumidifier
This was bought as a gift for my Dad, who has limited mobility. It's easy for him to use, easy to handle and gives him a great shave. He really likes it
I've used this razor for about 2 yrs.  For me and my wife, it gives me a great close shave.  I've never had a problem with skin irritation.  Just how hard are these other guys pressing the razor on their face?!  I can't imagine.  I only need the lightest pressure to get a good shave.  The shave is fast, about 2 mins.  The dual blade design (each of the three heads has two rows of blades!) is awesome, makes the shave clean and fast.  I'll probably stick with Remington rotories from now on, but will upgrade to a corded/cordless.
My problems with it are:
Can't use with cord if the battery dies (didn't know this when I bought it)
The gears in the head strip/slip easily if a long beard/mustache hair gets in, which requires turning it off and back on again.
Otherwise, it's a great solid razor
I love the Olay Regenerist line! Moisturizes your skin and makes it smooth. You will see a big difference after the first use! I've been using this product for 2 years now and just recently started the serum and it's great.
I have used Olay Regenerist Perfecting Cream for over a year now. It leaves the skin feeling very soft without feeling greasy and seems to smooth out the skin nicely. It does not have spf protection so for daytime I use a lighter moisturizer with spf over it before applying my foundation. At night it's all you need
I've tried many a serum, potion, lotion, cream... every over the counter fit-it on the market and none have had the wonderful effect that this has had!  I know, Iknow... there are those out there who say the effect is fleeting, but I've yet to see it
I got this for my husband because he had to shave too frequently and I thought they'd improve upon the Mach3.  Well they did!  This Turbo brand of Mach 3 is actually much better; his shave lasts longer, the blades last longer, and it leaves a very attractive smooth shave.  I choose this one over that Mach3 power vibrating blade because, I don't know, a sharp blade the vibrates is asking for trouble in my opinion.  Haha...  
He's very happy with it and likes the shave.  And speaking about money, if the shave and blades last longer than before, it's a great value!
Highly suggested!!
I have used Opti-Free Enzymatic Cleaner for years, still with the same great results. I have a feeling this type of product won't be around much longer, because my using extended-wear contacts seems to be a rarity at my optometrist's office, where everyone else is wearing the disposal lenses that are always in stock
it is the best product of it type on the market and i wish it were more available in stores.i don't know what you mean by give your review a titl
Purchased as a Christmas gift for a friend who uses this product, he was excited to receive this.  I was excited that I was able to purchase it at a considerable savings over department store prices.  This same product in a smaller size retails for $45-$55 locally and I was able to purchase him a larger bottle for less than $30.  This particular item by Davidoff is not always easy to find and I was glad to not only find it here but to find it at such a reasonable price
This product is great for injury and leg elevation.  My grandmother had a hematoma on her leg and she said that her "legs don't fall asleep anymore and they feel so good."  My grandmother has had two strokes and this is just the relief that she needs.  My mother has fibromayalgia and I'm ordering two for her as well.  She "test-drove" them before giving a set to my grandmother and this will be a great holiday gift for her
I am very fair and find it difficult to enjoy the sun because I constantly burn.  I have tried everything and have never been completely satisfied.  I went on my honeymoon to the Maldives in November and was able to stay out in the sun, go swimming and I did not have to constantly reapply.  I didn't get burned once!  Bull Frog Superblock is the best sunblock around
Have used this product on myself for many years when particapating in ultra endurance cycling events, as well as on my family when vacationing in tropical area's where the sun will cook you quickly without adequate sun protection. Do not be fooled by thinking you will not get tanned by using  SPF 45 or better. That is a misconception...why not walk away from your experience in the sun without the discomfort of sun poisoning. Found best result's when put on indoors prior to being in the sun.
The chair has simple pre-set programs (I basically use only the full-body massage), but also allows for designing your own massage by choosing specific movements and massage area. 
Of course it is not the same as a real massage and not as good as the $2,500 chairs, but offers a great way to relax your back muscles at a great value
I am a biochemist by education and was a teaching in physiology in a university.  As such, I am very knowledgeable about chemistry and the human body in general.  I really like Neutragena products and this product is certainly very high quality.  For most people, I think it offers great protection, but not the best protection for people who need to be very conscious of sun exposure and the possibility of skin cancer.
According to my dermatologist, recent studies have shown that SPF 15-30 wipes off after a few hours and doesn't offer adequate protection after that time.  This is partly due to most people not using enough.  In other words, they underestimate how much they need to apply to get that level of protection.
For this reason, Neutrogena SPF 45 or 55 is better.  Also, the Neutrogena Ultra Sheer products have been updated to include a technology called Helioplex.  Most dermatologists that I know feel that this makes a difference in effectiveness and for some people this is going to be very important.
I have used both this product and the higher SPF Helioplex formulations.  In practice, I have found BOTH adequate for my needs.  What I particularly like is that you don't even know you have the product on.  It has virtually no scent and it really is so sheer you can't even notice it.  Both of these products stay on a long time and are good for all day use, but my understanding is that the Helioplex formulation is even better.  Further, it feels exactly the same on the skin.  The only drawback is it's a bit more expensive.
This is also a good product because it protects against both UVA and UVB rays.  Both are implicated in skin cancer and it's important to protect yourself against both.  If you are looking for an everyday sunscreen this might be the one.  However, if you want the very best protection try the Neutrogena Helioplex SPF 55.  This will give you the most peace of mind
My daughter and I have searched for a sunscreen that both of us would like, and never found one that was completely satisfactory. She has oily skin prone to breakouts, and mine is combination. Every one we tried always left a greasy feel and look to the face, even the ones that were supposed to be oil-free.
Finally, I came across a review of this product on Paula Begoun's website (www.cosmeticscop.com). The review sounded good, so I went out and bought some right away. My daughter and I both LOVE this product! It's the only sunscreen we have ever used that doesn't leave a greasy feel or look to the skin. It dries to a matte finish, and works very, very well under foundation, too. Without foundation, there is no need to use powder to kill the shine. And it feels so light on the skin, you barely know it's there!
  If you have oily or combination skin and have never found a sunscreen that doesn't look and feel greasy, try this one! It's the best!
I cannot say how well this product really compares to other sunscreens in terms of sun protection. But it does have the right ingredients that most top-rated sunscreens/sunblocks use, so it should be at least on par with them.
Where this product really shines (or DOESN'T shine) is for people with combination/oily skin. I have tried MANY sunscreens, and it's so hard to find a sunscreen WITHOUT moisturizers (if you have oily skin, that's already your natural moisturizers).
I have even tried other NEUTROGENA sunscreens that are supposed to be OIL FREE and all that. The result on my face? After applying it, I always SHINE (which is NOT what I want).
This magnificent product, however, actually gives my face a nice MATTE finish... and matte FEEL, too! It's a pretty thick cream when you first apply it (as opposed to other suncreens or other products that feel more like LOTION), but is almost immediately absorbed by the skin. In 30 seconds, there is no more greasy/creamy feeling, and in one minute, if you feel your skin, there's a nice matte feel.
HOWEVER, and this is not the fault of the product, after about 3 hours (at least for me), then I feel like the matte effect has worn off, and my oily skin is again showing its oily nature.
Still, as far as suncreens go, this is the best I have tried for my skin, and I highly recommend it for people with combination/oily skin.
BTW, this review is for the actual product I got, which is SPF 30. As of the time I am writing this review, here in amazon they also offer an SPF 45 version, and cheaper, too! I don't know the difference, but I always go for the LOWER one (in this case, SPF 30), because I theorize -- rightly or wrongly, I don't know -- that the lesser the SPF, the lesser the strength of the ingredients, so maybe it's better for sensitive skin (?)
I find this product to be very good for calfs & one of the best foot massagers I've ever tried. The one drawback is that it tends to slide away from you when you are using it on your feet.
I would reccommend it
It works very well.
I bought it for my wives calves.
She has thick ones and after working out it become more thick.
Using this product, her calves become soft and getting thin.
I've used it too, I can relax with it because it helps the blood circulation.
These hair brushes were the rage when I was in junior high.  I have had one since then.  It is a great brush and lasts forever.  Worth the price
bought it works really good, such a fun thing to have laying around, and was very pleased well worth the $50 it costed me at brookstone
this is a wonderfull massager, i have had other ones in the past and they were'nt as good as this one. for $50 this massager is great it really was well worth the money for what it gives out to yourself. the power on it was amazing i was really shocked i dident think it would be that much in a good way though. so i was very pleased with buying this acuvibe massager and it really does work great so i hope i helped you make your chose right
i had reasently bought this vibrator because i like trying out did kinds of vibrators to get more pleasure from and well i would have to say this one and my magic wand vibrator, well i like this one better because it is cordless so i can use it anywhere in my home even away from an outlet like in my car and no cord gets in the way. it also has a very flexable soft head that feels really very good when i use it. it has really strong motor that can make me have some exteme orgasms that fell very good. and last it looks to be made very well so it probly will last pretty long i hope so.
This would be a perfect curling iron if heated to a slightly higher temperature.  It takes a little longer to curl my hair because of the lower temperature
Works Great, No problems after 4 months
This product does a surprising job for its low price.  It gives my hair so much body and softness, and is extremely easy to use.  Gets plenty hot enough
Great for people with sensitive skin or prone to acne.  I began using neutrogena as a teenager 25 years ago.  It helped clear up teen acne & has kept my skin free of razor burn in more recent years
I recently a box of two 12 ounce bottles of this Neutrogna produst at COSTCO for approximately $9.00.  $22.00 for the same quantity is too expensive for me to want to shop for these products at Amazon
Shavers fall into two categories, those who prefer rotaries like the Norelco and those who prefer foil shavers. 
For those of you who like foil shavers, this is the one for you! 
I've owned the latest Braun 8985 and it was excellent, while it lasted... The charger kept breaking on me (once in the first month [11/2006], then another time 4 months later [3/2007]). It was expensive, and the refills were a pain, pricey, but they worked.
After two exchanges I decided to try the norelco 8140XL (speed XL)rotaries, and while they shaved really close, they tore up my neck. The problem only got worse. Returned 3 weeks later.
I just got the Panasonic and can say that it definitely shaves closer than both of the tried razors. They shave MUCH faster than the Braun and Norelcos.
I'm not sure if I like the "side to side" pivoting head, only time will tell. The heads don't pivot up and down as much as the Braun, but once again, time will tell if this is necessary.
One MAJOR advantage is that it cleans with soap and water... No expensive refills to hassle over.
The panasonic has two noticeable downsides:
1. It's louder than other shavers, but who cares? It shaves incredibly fast anyway.
2. You can't plug it in and shave... You have to wait until the battery is charged and charger is disconnected to turn it on.
This is my favorite razor by far.
I have to say that I have been converted. For over 15 years now I lived with a razor. I have a pretty thick beard and it grows fast too. I am the kind of guy that gets a 5 o'clock shadow at noon. I have used every single type of razor out there from disposable to the battery operated vibrating type and from the one blade to the 5+1 blade. I have tried all the brands and ended up feeling the Gillette brand is the best type of razor, but now I find it's not the best shave. I used an electric shaver several years back, it was one of the top of the line Norelco with the incorporated gel. It gave me a pretty bad razor burn and did not get all the hairs; I ended up having to shave as normal. --TRUE STORY-- I am a Manager at my job and on my last annual review the only item I was marked bad was my personal appearance. Not that I dress bad or not wear deodorant, but that they felt I didn't shave often. (I shave at the very least every other day, usually every day). So I felt I had to so something about it. I researched electric shavers thinking I could get a quick shave during my lunch hour in my car or at least on my way to work so it would last longer. I found that Panasonic seems to be leading the pack and was moderately priced and had all the features the expensive models had. The instruction manual is explicit in saying it will take about 30 days to get used to any new shaving method and they assure you will love the Panasonic shaver once your facial hairs get used to the way it is cut. I have been using it for almost 30 days now, and I will not live without it. I have NEVER had this close of a shave before. I can actually go 2 days without getting a shadow. My fianc� has found a new love for touching my face, and I seem to be getting more kisses too! During the first 2 weeks I had to get a couple of the missed hairs with my old Gillette, but today officially I was able to through my Gillette away for good. (My boss has even asked what I am doing different and when I told him, he went out and bought one too, he also loves it now. My fianc� said she would leave me if I stopped using the Panasonic, it's a good thing Panasonic has been around for decades) So, I am raving about his product, but every good has its bad... what the bad? Well, it gets a couple of weeks to get used to the shave, but for the amount of time I am planning to use it and the money I am saving from buying razors every month, I can handle that. The cleaning system is very good, but it takes very long to clean (2-3 hrs) and it is noisy since the base turns the shaver on and off during the cleaning cycles. The cleaning cartage is said to last 3 months whether you use it once a day or one a week. I have not gotten to that point yet, but it is very very easy to clean in the shower with some body wash. I just end up using the base for the drying cycle, which is an option. The batter is very good. In the month I have used it, I have charged it twice but it really didn't need it as it said the charge was good. Overall... excellent product. Could there be a better shaver out there, maybe, will I ever know... at this time, I am not worried about it, I am very satisfied with this Panasonic, and don't think it can get any better. This product does not include the cleaning base. I do recommend it as even if you don't use it to clean the razor, you can use it to dry it, it will help keep your blades in the newest condition and prevent them from rusting when air drying. But, if you are looking to save money and get an excellent razor, this is it!
Panasonic makes a great electric shaver, this is the second one for me in the last sixteen years
I am a woman of color and this product eliminates any discoloration without irritation or disturbing my combination skin. I highly recommend this product for women who need to brighten their appearance once a week.
After 5 years I continue to use this and the pumpkin exfoliating mask. The papaya is good as well
This is the 2nd year that I have used the Neutrogena Ultra Sheer Dry-Touch Sunblock, SPF 45.  I have Normal to Oily, sensitive, acne-prone skin. I am fair and can burn easily.
I think this product is well worth the money, it is quickly absorbed into the skin and has a dry feel.  It does not make your skin look greasy and has never caused me to break out.  I apply it in the morning and it pretty much lasts me a good 8 hours.  The time will vary depending on your sun tolerance, though.  It is also conveniently sized to toss in your bag and lasts quite awhile
My kids really liked how it didn't feel like suntan lotion
I was very happy with the prpduct and the shipping was very quick, even in the middle of the holidays. I will probably order another 3 inch memory foam from allsleep for my queen size bed
I got this bed topper a couple weeks ago to place on my older matress.  It was pretty pungent, but it felt so good the first time I layed in it.  after a couple days it appeared to lose it's memory and start to dent and crease, but eventually it got back to full expansion.  The customer service with this item was fantastic!
We'll see how long the matress keeps up its memory
When I get a sinus infection, it stays and builds much congestion. Rx and over-the-counter has limited value. One event that led to my first (I am 69) severe asthma event, which messed up my immune system and led to my first angina events which the brought open heart surgury.
NeilMed pre-mixed packets sound like the "minor leagues" compared to the above. When a thorough cleansing is needed to make the sinus areas hostile to infection, these little packets take the mess out of measuring your own salt and soda(i.e. to make a mistake is painful even with the right salt).
Then there is a $15 price in local stores for 100 packets, or about the same on-line for 200. Also a quick response from the vendor.  
This Sinus Rinse works great and it's easy to use. Great price from Amazon and quick shipping
Bought 2 of these 3 years ago on QVC for my husband and myself.  I was pregnant with my second son and going to get waxed at the nail shop, where it smelled like nail polish remover, was just too much for me at the time.  We love these shavers and they work just as well today as they did 3 years ago!  I'm not sure what the other reviewer is talking about, I get an incredibly close shave with this.  To be honest, and maybe a little too personal, I haven't waxed my upper lip since, I only use this!  There is NO stubble, NO pain and great results!  I have dark hair, and if this in anyway made me look like I shaved, I would never use it!  I am buying 2 more for back up.  I hope they never stop making these!!
So far this dryer is working great!  Another brand didn't last 1 year so I hope this one lasts longer
I've tried a lot of different "nutrition" and "energy" bars, and these are my favorites (along with a couple of other chocolate ZonePerfect bars like Double Chocolate and Chocolate Raspberry). Great taste, a nice texture (sort of like Nestle Crunch), and much more satisfying than candy bars.  Almost as tasty as Girl Scout "Thin Mints", but not as fat- and guilt-inducing
I have tried a gazillion of these "diet" protein bars. This is the only one I've actually found so far that tastes good.
My 16-year-old daughter used this on problem acne on her back and shoulders with noticeable results by the second day - existing blemishes healed, no new break-out.  She's excited.  No harsh benzoyl peroxide (active ingredient is salicylic acid).    The Body Scrub has the little exfoliating "beads" in it (not mentioned on the bottle) - so it makes skin feel smooth immediately.  And the fragrance is very light, clean (gender-neutral).  
Also, it's very concentrated, so it goes a long way - making it easily worth the money as far as any body wash goes (and Amazon's price is better than the in-store price).
Of course, everyone is different when it comes to acne treatments - but it worked here. 
good product. does what it says. however, it could smell better. it has almost no scent. you smell clean...but it has almost no scent. other than that it feels great, lathers great, leaves your skin feeling nice. and it clears your skin up
This give an excellent finish to a shave.  I strongly suggest using the shaving oil as well.  Apply hot water to dilate your pores, then apply the oil, then shaving cream, shave, and finally the after shave balm.  The oil and balm make for an amazing shaving experience.  Your face feels incredibly smooth afterward.  I don't use it every day because it is a little more time consuming that just applying the shaving cream alone, but I do use the products above most of the time because of the great feel after
I knew a man who once wore this classic cologne, and always smelled so good.  I bought it for my hubby this Christmas and instantly remembered why I loved that smell so much.  It is a classic frangrance, not stinky or overpowering - but fresh.  There are other Vetiver cologne's out there, but they smell NOTHING like the Guerlain from France. It's a gorgeous smell, and I guarantee you would love it if you are looking to smell great without it being overpowering. It's smooth and mellow, fresh
This is a good massager that can hone in on the pressure points. The knob is a little large for getting at specific reflex spots, but generally does the job
I say the scale is pretty good and accurate but the Fat % keep changing different % in the morning and night, Like in the morning I got 30.2% and at Night it say I got 25.8%. I dont really trust the Fat % but The Pound Is very Accurate.
For the Price I would rather get something cheaper
today is 3-19-07.  this item is labeled as being purchased on 3-21-07.  will I purchase another order on that date
The Neutrogena Norwegian Formula Foot Creme was a dream for this mother. My 7-year-old was unfortunate enough to inherit a severe callous problem that affects his hands and feet. The problem is so severe in his father that his father's hands and feet are literally split open and very painful. The 7-year-old has already started with very hard calluses and nothing seems to relieve them. Nothing, that is, until now. Just a small nightly dose seems to be helping immensely into giving my dear son back the soft feet I would expect a 7-year-old to have. I highly recommend this product to anyone who suffers from dry, cracked feet
You couldn't have picked a better person to Test Drive this product. I have severely dried and callused heals. From the moment I put the creme on my feet, they felt smoother. The creme stays on for hours like the product says. I can't believe the difference it's made in such a short time. I'll definitely buy this product, and I'll be recommending it to my mom, whose feet are drier than mine are
This is the best investment ever! They start you out with everything you need from the liners to the paraffin. It was so easy to set up & start enjoying. I've used it on average twice a week and my feet & hands are so wonderfully moist--even in this winter weather. My heels are no longer cracked & my cuticles are so healthy--not snagging at all. Thank you for this perfect product & so much cheaper than going to the salon! It's so relaxing (I use lavender) as I do this just before bed
I have been having severe back pain (muscular)and subsequent headaches on a daily basis for many months.  I finally brokedown and went to see one of my colleagues who is a physiatrist.  He recommended the theracane to me.  He is a physician who is both a DC, (Doctor of Chiropractic) and a physician, DO. This physician has been doing trigger point therapy including intramuscular needling to help release the painful knots in my back. I find that I can use the theracane in between visits with noted relief.  This same doctor states that this condition is like diabetes and needs to be managed for life and thus, the theracane allows for me to maintain.  I think the theracane is an ingenious invention.  I don't really have anything negative to say, with the exception of the pain I am trying to manage.  The product arrived quickly after I ordered it and it is exactly as described.
The Theracane is a fantastic tool for unknotting hard-to-reach muscles.  It looks clunky, but the shape is right for providing leverage (and therefore more pressure) to just the right spots.
A great companion for the Theracane is "The Trigger Point Therapy Workbook, 2nd edition" by Clair Davies.  It matches sore places on the human body with the trigger points (the muscle knots) that cause them.  I solved a persistent recurring pain in my upper back by massaging a trigger point near my throat. 
The Unwind company is an A+ operation.  Ordering is easy, customer service is friendly, their prices are among the lowest, and shipping is super-speedy (my order shipped within two hours).  I ordered directly from their website and received free shipping.        
I didn't think I would like the fragrance, but it's absolutely wonderful.  It's not too sweet or strong.  It smells good on my daughters and me.  Give it a try.  You won't be disappointed
We all have from time to time brought those heavy bottle of liquid detergent to the washing machine, and breaking our backs in the process. Thankfully, All Small & Mighty might be a unique solution. It is a concentrated detergent that works with the capacity of a traditional 100 ounce bottle. I like it because it really does a great job at cleaning clothes that haven't been completely spotless from all those tough messes from other methods. I really think that everyone should own this product because it saves a lot of headaches, while being true to its price. That's All!
Price: B+
Convience: A-
Overall: B+
maybe because I ordered a "medium".  It works fine otherwise.  I recommend it
Very convenient reading glasses. You could hang them on your neck when not using them, and not even notice they are there. They are very sturdy, and are flexible making them almost imposible to break.
Cons: Both sets I purchased I notice them to be on the narrow side. They sometimes can feel too tight to the side of your face. 
The glasses are also not practicable to wear for a person with long hair, as the glasses would trap your hair against your face
This is the longest period of time that my husband has kept a pair of reading glasses. The Click readers loop around his neck and are always there when he needs them. He gets lots of comments about how neat they are
I purchased this unit for my personal office at work. Its small and unobtrusive enough so as not to necessarily stand out. Its runs quietly and well, operating on the highest setting for several hours
After 3 months use, I'm buying two more of these for my daughters. The unit is compact, very sturdy, virtually silent, and puts out plenty of mist even on the low setting. The small tank is light and easy to fill, even in a bathroom sink (many people really have to wrestle with those one gallon tanks) yet it easilly lasts through an 8 hour work day or nights sleep. 
The key feature is that it is small and quiet. That means it can be near you on a desk top or night table. Having the mist nearer to you and less in the ambient air means less will condense on cold windows (and cause mildew). It also means you can use the low setting which makes the small tank last longer and reduces any risk of vapor droplets settling to the table top. If you want to use the high setting, put the unit on top of a book shelf, dresser or file cabnit to allow a longer path for the mist to settle. 
This is small and light enough to take on the road to dry hotel rooms. One daughter wants one for her dorm room, which is overheated. The unit is easily moved from bedroom to den or wherever you locate during the day. You would not find this convenient with large (gallon) humidifiers. 
This unit is also inexpensive, at around $30 which is half the cost of many larger models (so you can get two). After using several evaporative humidifiers, I love not spending $6 - $9 a month for paper replacement wicks. 
Overall, I am delighted with the unit. The only criticsm is the blue LED is too bright in a dark room. This is easily dimmed by putting a piece of masking or adhesive tape over it. The light is helpful to avoid bumping the unit if you reach for the phone or a tissue in the dark of night. It also lights up the mist so you know there is still water in the chamber. 
Highly recommended.
I have a severe dry eye problem and i found in internet that a humidifier may help.
I bought big one for home and personal for work.
It's been 2 days and it's working fine
These wipes are awesome!  They got here real fast too! 
It arrived in 3 days and I used it for a week, and I still get some stray ingrowns once in a while but it is the only thing that worked this good this fast for me and trust me I tried everything in the book.
A plus is my face is one even complexion when I had alot of dark spots which was a pleasant surprise
You know right away your teeth feel different, much like how they feel after a dentist cleaning.
The dual action (larger) head is gentler and feels more like a normal toothbrush but it certainly isn't as aggressive as the smaller one in it's ability to clean. If you can handle the smaller heads they certainly do a better job. The flossing attachment was also very effective
After brushing with the HydraBrush, my teeth feel as clean as when I've been to the dental hygenist.
This is a great product.  I am so glad that replacement brushes are available at Amazon
Hydrabrush is an excellent power toothbrush because the brushHead has more surfaces to get at your teeth and gum line making the brushing very comfortable and refreshing afterwards. I use the soft brushHead because I used to have gingivitis and my gums were red and swollen, but since using the Hydrabrush and the 8 brushes (4 on each side) I don't have to worry about missing when I brush my teeth. Excellent product.
I used this to get marks off my washer and dryer and then went on to clean the rest of the house!  This little "sponge" is awesome, and it is just like a sponge; it's not abrasive.  The only problem I see with it (and all cleaning products) is that you actually have to use it for it to work; lol
For anyone on the fence about these, jump over to my side ;) My (then) 2 year old had gotten a hold of my husband's permanent black marker. 
We just bought a brand new refrigerator. I turned my back for a few moments, and when I looked back, she had scribbled *all over* my new fridge. 
I tried bleach, soap, scrubby sponges... nothing worked. My first new appliance was ruined!
On a whim I bought this. (Couldn't hurt, right?)
It got it off immediately! (I had to press a little bit to get it out of the grooves.) I was so excited, I started running around my house trying to find things to scrub...
I know that it removes shoe scuffs with ease, markers or crayons from walls, and a multitude of other "sins" your children may commit against your home.
This product works great for water retention. I like that it doesn't keep you running to the ladies room, works great
Elegant yet tough, this particular Casio has a metal bracelet and is extremely comfortable to wear.  The display is sharp, clear, and very easy to read.  I only wish it had a thermometer.  The watch is big and looks very macho on your wrist
I wear this watch every day and I usually work outside. I am very pleased with the features and the durability. It seemed daunting to work the features at forst, but a short time with the instruction book made them accessable and easy.
I have only two complaints: One is that the metal band has developed a slight "squeak" when I move my wrist sometimes. The tin man needs oil. The second is that despite being placed by a huge window every night, the watch does not always get the time signal from Ft. Collins. I have gone as long as several days without getting it - but when you consider that most watches do not get it at all, I am OK with the spotty reception
I love this watch.  It has radio controlled time so it gives you exact time automatically.  Easy to read numerials. Watch is attactive.  The only down side is that it is a little bit on the heavy side. 
The watch is solar powered and time is synchronized with an Atomic clock.  I'm not sure how that works (radio waves?) but the watch is extremely accurate.  The watch charges easily - put it under a light when you take it off- and it has a powersaving feature that kicks in when there is no light source (i.e. it's dark).  The buttons/settings work similarly to a battery powered G-shock but there is a little more complexity because you have to set your home city for the atomic clock sync to work right.  It's the first Casio I've owned with a metal band.  Unless you're a gorilla, You'll need to remove some links from the watch band.  I did this myself but you may want to take it to a jewelry store cause they have the right tools.  I love the watch.  It is everything you would expect from a G-Shock
The strap/links on these G-Shocks are quite oversized: when I first got it, I could fit the watch around my legs! (You'll most likely have to get the links adjusted). Ironically, the four side buttons on the watch is small. So even if you have a huge wrist, you'll probably have trouble pressing the buttons! (Not for huge fingers) 
***BEWARE*** the picture shows the four side buttons on the watch in silver, but the left and right side buttons on this model is actually plain black! It is quite misleading! The silver side button is actually the MTG920DJ model (which is the 2005 version). According to Casio, the MTG920DA was actually released in 2004 with black side buttons. If you search the Casio website, it will only display the MTG920DJ (their most recent version); most websites that still sell the MTG920DA are just taking the latest MTG920DJ version picture from Casio's website. The MTG920DJ seems to have the same features as this one (MTG920DA), except the four side (left and right) buttons are in silver. 
For those of you wondering about the three circles on the watch: 
the first one on the very left is basically a wannabe-analog display - basically, every five minutes, a bar increases (or decreases when it gets full); it's just mostly there for cosmetic reasons. 
The second one in the middle is the battery status; it has an L (Low), M (Medium), and H (High) and the bar would display in one of those areas. If you get out in the sun a lot or know an area in your home where the sun shines a lot, then you won't have a problem with the battery ever going below High. Moreover, it has a power saving feature; the watch will go into sleep mode (display off) when it is in a completely dark area for a long time. 
Finally, the third circle on the very right is where it tells you what options are enabled/disabled. It shows SPL (split time for stopwatch), DST (Daylight Saving Time), SIG (Hourly Signal), ALM (Alarm), SNZ (Snooze), and Auto EL (Automatic Electro-Luminescent backlight - the backlight turns on by tilting it a certain degree towards your face without having to manually press the backlight button.) 
Keep in mind, synchronizing with the atomic signal is not instant: it usually takes around 3 minutes (at least for me, I live in California.) And if you're in a busy area or near an electronic, it might be difficult; try again or move to a different area. Moreover, it should show you the strength/level (4 levels) of the signal (while you're synchronizing) with a satellite icon on the watch. There is also a feature that automatically synchornizes for you while you're sleeping at 2:00AM, 3:00AM, 4:00AM, and 5:00AM. Therefore, it's not always necessary to syncronize it yourself because by the time you wake up, it should be ready to go. 
Overall, this watch is attractive and fun to wear. The atomic radio signal feature is very cool; having the official time is great - right to the precise second! I've had this watch for months now, and I enjoy wearing it daily. 
This watch does have a lot of feature - except, it's a pity it does ***NOT*** have a countdown timer! 
Pros: 
- Cool design 
- Water/scratch resistant; G-Shock are known for their toughest watches. (Update: I've worn this watch daily for almost a year and a half now and not a single scratch - still looks brand new!)
- Solar Power; battery life is excellent; never had the power ever go below High. Power Saving Feature. 
- Position of the time and date is easy to read at one glance. 
- Metal strap 
- Can display World Time with Local Time 
Cons: 
- The side buttons are small and tight to press (must use like the very tip of the fingers) 
- Atomic signal takes too long manually, and it usually is not possible to synchronize while wearing the watch; if you're inside the home, it is usually best to take off the watch and leave it near a window. 
- Alarm beep can be a little longer perhaps (even my inexpensive Timex Watch would beep and it would gradually beep faster, which I actually like a bit better.) 
- No countdown timer. (How could they forget this?!) 
Also, try to research other models instead of finding out the hard way (like I did about the side buttons) before purchasing.
This watch just absolutely filled the wish for my 4 year old grandchild!  She is unable to tell time yet, but she wanted a "Princess Watch"  to help her learn, and she was thrilled when she received it.  My daughter told me it was pretty and soft looking.  I insisted that the watch be one with hands, not digital.  So we all were happy and satisfied!  Ina Lan
Comes in nice display box with cushioned spaces.  A quality time piece.  Band has a felt backing for extra comfort.  The smaller items are buttons that are afixed with tie tack type closures.
Great deal and gift. If you want something different and at a good price.
Comes in nice display box with cushioned spaces.  A quality time piece.  Band has a felt backing for extra comfort.  The smaller items are buttons that are afixed with tie tack type closures.
I love knowing the exact time (even if my mom thinks I am crazy), and it works like a... clock! I never have issues with the updates (in Illinois), but I do have a few minor issues: the watch is too thick (5/8 inch), the band is made for a gorilla and is very difficult to adjust for a human, the buttons are hard to press, and the manual is too small and hard to read. Still, if I had a choice between this watch or my borhter's Rolex, I will take his Rolex and exchange it for 40 Casios. Thank you, Casio
I've owned several watches, including the older G-Shock and the Casio Men's G-Shock Atomic Solar Watch # GW1400DA-9AV (among others).
First, there are so many G-shock models to choose from. You could have bought the # GW1400DA-9AV (the stainless steel model) for the same price ($75) during the week of July 24, 2006.
This watch simply has everything one ever needs for time functionality: solar power (no need for daily rewinding, kinetic body movement, or batteries), synch with the atomic clock in Colorado (ultimate accuracy), time zone adjustment (ease for jet setters), light button (which also goes off when you tilt your wrist), stop watch functionalities, day/date functionalities, and countless other time-related functions. In this respect, it's much more functional than a Patek (even the complicated wrist watch models, or the more mundane Rolex, etc.). Of course, it's a lowly Casio, costing a mere $75 (vs. $75,000 for a low end complicated Patek)
Buyers should be aware that the watch is purtty bulky, probably 5/8 to 3/4 in. thick. One needs a sporty forearm/wrist to go with this watch.
For the fun of wearing it couple times a year, the price, and just to look at it as part of a collection of watches, I'd highly recommend it.
I live in eastern Pennsylvania, about 1600 - 1700 miles away from the atomic time signal station and this watch syncs fine right on my bureau, 4 feet from a window, and in a watch case.
When I received the watch, the battery indicator was on Medium, after about 30 minutes or less on a sunny windowsill, it achieved Full charge.
I'm quite pleased with it
I bought two of these for my twin two year old nephews who liked my watch.  They're too young to tell time but love the watches and asked to put them on in the mornings while I was visiting.  It has great features to help kids learn how to tell time and the watch is small enough for tiny wrists but with a face big enough for learning
I returned these, because they were too large for me. To be fair to Zina, they were as described, and I wasn't sure they would work. The only reason I'm not rating them a 5 is that, having returned them, I don't know how long the clasp would work.
I kept gold small hoops I bought at same time--very happy with them. Zina's  product descriptions are exceptionally good
I love the look and function of this watch BUT.....Guys if you have any hair on your wrists, be prepared to have it forcibly removed by the metal band.  I've had 3 other Fossil watches and never had this problem. I think Fossil needs to address the clearance between the links on this one. OUCH!
I got this watch one week ago. Its very good looking watch. Its $85 but looks like $150+ watch.
All of my friends are asking about this watch as it catches others eye very easily.
It upper dial (having number 05-15-25 etc.) rotates clock wise; this is a functionality to keep the time accurate while fast driving.
Its bit heavy, but now i am used to it.
I would recomend this watch to everyone who like heavy looking watches on their wrist
The earrings were very cute and the screw backs were definitely a good find. My daughter loved them so much she actually had them almost a whole month before she lost one.  But that is no bash on the earrings, the fact that she did not lose them the first week is a major accomplishment.
I would definitely buy them again.
I got these today and was so shocked when they arrived, wow, these are amazing hoops for 25 dollars. I am more than pleased, don't have an idea what some of the other reviewers were complaining about, I am floored at the price and the quality at the same time. With free shipping these are a must, great gift idea and everyday earrings. Amazon got them to me in a matter of 4 days and I'm in Hawaii, they also came beautifully packaged, I'm in love with them, don't let these sell out
These were perfect, the girl liked them, they're the perfect size, not very expensive, great gift
I sent these for my cousin (who has everything!)on her 16th Birthday.  When i saw them later they were smaller than I expected----but she wears them everyday and they look very cute and understated.  They are a nice color and look better than cheap silver ones.  Plus if you are like my cousin and your ears get irritated with anything but gold--I would recommend these
I have shopped with this company before and have never been disappointed. Fast shipping and delivery, reasonably priced and always what you expected
This Invicta 2699 watch, it's a nice watch, the case of stainless steel, polished, looks very well, solid. with transparent case back, although there is nothing exceptional to look at.
Dial of mother of pearl, clear and clean, with not too many words or other dials on it, looks elegant, the Roman numbers are very good for that dial; the hands are big enough to be seen even in poor light conditions.
The movement is a Miyota automatic with 21 jewels, works fine, for the price.
It has poor power reserve, so if you do not use it for 24 hours, it will stop, nothing to worry about
Exactly what I wanted, at a great price
These have quickly become my favorite pair of earrings.  They look substantial when worn, but they are lightweight and comfortable.  They go well with either silver or white gold necklaces.  They are shiny and have a classic appearance.  Plus the snap bar locks them securely in place.  Buy them and you won't be sorry!  They also make a great gift item
I didn't expect the earrings to be so beautiful, and they're really easy to wea
Silver Insanity continues to produce gorgeous items of Celtic jewellery.  The drop hook earrings come with nice size Faceted Oval Synthetic Amethyst Stones.  Very light weight.  Looks like you would pay 4-5 times the price.  Silver Insanity just delivers time after time
Quality of leather looks nice.  I can see what the other writer meant about the clasp coming off.  It's metal squeazed to leather and that's what I expected.  You just have to keep an eye on it and don't sleep or shower in it.  It looks nice
THESE ARE SO BEAUTIFUL. PICTURE DOES NOT DO THEM JUSTICE. GORGEOUS CELTIC KNOT DESIGN
These earrings are very good quality, sent to me quickly, and in a jewelry bag.  A very nice gift
I was getting worried if it would arrive before my girlfriend went home for the holidays.  Then as promised it arrived today, last day in the estimated delivery window.  Hey its christmas I understand shipping sucks this time of year but I still would have been angry if it was late.
  Ok item itself looks great, I love the chain that came with it.  The box looks a little to cheesy on the outside to be romantic, but the wrapping was high class enough to make up for the box.  
  Im sure my girlfriend will love this, it will go great with her tattoo
This necklace is well made, very lovely. I am very pleased with the quality
This is a great watch for a woman!  I can't see it fitting a man and the watch face is too small for a man.  I ordered it for my sister who has a large wrist and it is perfect for her
My watch band was wider than the tool allowed, so I used a milling machine to  let it accept 1/8 " more. Ad should have stated how wide a band would work in this device. Otherwise worked well
Tool works pretty well.  Product slightly different than picture, not quite as good of quality as pictured.  Worked on several brands of watch bands.  Seller was prompt
Good product for a good price. This is an item u can't do without. Would buy from vendor again
I got it since two month ago and It looks cool.  I like it.
It is good and nice design. But it is little bit heavy.
My husband had seen this watch advertised in a magazine and fell in love with it and had to have it. I searched at Tommy stores, large department stores and was not able to find it anywhere except Amazon.com. The watch arrived as promised and my husband loves the watch.
I need this bracelet for someone heading for the military... she would love it very much
This quote became my all-time favorite the first time I read it.  I was so delighted to find it on a piece of jewelry!  I had it on my &quot;wish-list&quot; for over a year -- this year my husband finally took the hint and bought it for me!  It's a beautiful piece, is very comfortable and is made of quality silver.  I highly recommend it for anyone who finds herself needing a boost of self-reliance throughout the day
I have a disabled child and I got this as a gift from my husband and children.  I look at it and I feel so greatful for the family I have. 
I have been suffering from depression since I was 15 years old. My mother bought this bracelet for me at the age of 21 as a surprise (after some hinting; I was patiently waiting to buy it on my own!) I must say it is one of the most beautiful and meaningful gifts anyone has ever given to me. I don't believe I have taken it off for a single day in the several months I've owned it; it fits perfectly, matches everything and its beautiful message keeps me more centered and hopeful. It also keeps me feeling close to my mother while I'm away at college. She doesn't know it yet, but I hope to buy her the same bracelet for Christmas. It's a simply amazing gift for yourself or someone else
These were slightly smaller than I had hoped but they're pretty and they do the job
Excellent quality - the post is smooth and does not abrade the ear as some inexpensive earrings do.  The ball is smooth and shiny with no ripples, pits or other defects.  I am very happy with this purchase
The item has arrived in perfect timing. The earrings are good quality, but not the best one
I purchased these at $16 in December 2006; they are currently running for $15, which is so worth it for 14K white gold earrings.  At this price you should be thinking about next year's Christmas presents.  Otherwise, if you are looking for a treat for yourself, you will not be disappointed.  The reason they lose a star with me is that for the 7mm size, the earring backs should be larger; they are on the small side
Gave these to my wife as part of a birthday gidt and she loves them. She says they feel more comfortable than most "stud"-type and they look great
These earrings are great. They are the perfect size. I would recommend these to anyone who likes a classic look.
These earrings were a great value for the price!  They're small and delicate enough to wear out, but also look very polished for work.  I would recommend them to any and everyone
This is a great looking watch, and I like that it is lightweight.
I took it to the jeweler to have a few links removed. It's just techie enough for a geek like me (updates via satellite, days of the week in several languages, etc). Enjoy.
I was a little apprehensive about these Waveceptor watches after reading reviews for them.  Common complaints included scratches on the face, atomic synching problems, and difficulty setting up the watch for the first time.
I received my watch and it was in perfect condition, no scratches, light or otherwise.  It is light but the construction feels solid.  I was wondering what the initial setup was going to be like, since others had claimed it had taken hours(!!!).  It literally took me 15 seconds.  It involves holding a button down for 5 seconds, and pressing the other button a few times.  Once it was set up, the watch immediately synched itself to my local time with no problems at all  (I live in central Florida.)  I've only owned the watch for a day now and I must say I'm impressed with it so far.  I haven't experienced any troubles mentioned in the other reviews, and I'm very satisfied with my purchase.  Also, I chose the Super Saver shipping, Amazon told me it'd take 3 weeks to get it to me.  I received it in 4 days
  This watch is a high quality item for low money. You might think at first the color of the face is a little loud but you grow to like it, and as most of you know, if you have to grow to like something, you like it for a longer time than something that just "grabs you" quickly.
  It keeps perfect time at all times as it is updated with a signal from Fort Collins, Colorado every night. I would definately reccommend this item/brand for anyone looking for a watch
This is a great watch for my husband, Mike.  He has wanted a watch that he didn't have to worry about changing the time on all the time.  He travels often in his work.  I also has a nice lighted face which is easy for him to read.  Getting older posses some vision problems, so being able to read the time on your watch is a wonderful advantage.  He also likes that it is on atomic time and energy
In locker rooms and office corridors across this nations, a battle rages for the souls of men. Perhaps only the fratricidal dispute between boxers and briefs has more violently bloodied the masculine nose of our generation than this battle. Yet the jury remains out: wallet or money clip, what'll it be?
Lives and careers are savaged by a choice of one over the other, yet the passion that drives guys in the direction of the traditonal leather wallet or - alternatively - to the minimalist money clip continues unabated.
The Titanium Money Clip scores a victory for the latter. Small, lightweight, attractive, it cleans a hip pocket out, straightens the hang of the trouser, and facilitates the quick snatch of a bill when the wallet guys are still sorting through receipt they carelessly shoved in with their banknotes.
The only complaint regarding this product is that it requires five or six bills, minimum, before it has a sufficient wad to clasp firmly.
Other than that ... well ... I can't even remember where I tossed my wallet
Product matches expectations; no problems. Some other customers complained about how lightweight it is. To me it seems like what you should expect from titanium (after all, that's why they use it to make aircraft). The predictions of it getting sprung (losing its spring tension) were more of a legitimate concern to me, but I've had it for a month or two and it seems fine. It seems no more likely to do that than any other money clip, which is to say, maybe it eventually will, or maybe it won't, them's the risks of life. Go for it
I purchased these earrings for my infant daughter. Since most earrings are too large in my opinion for a 3 month old's ears, this was the perfect solution. As my daughter likes to lie on me when taking a short nap, the first earrings she had poked into me and it was uncomfortable for me. These are small enough not to bother me.
The prongs do cover a bit more of the diamond than is shown in the pictures, but they are still very cute. I also like the backs, as they screw on to the posts, and are nice and safe for baby's head
I needed something to express how I felt in a way that few words would say exactly that and the yin yang necklace did it for me. 
I purchased this item as a present for my friend and I. The piece is beautiful and is a great gift for anyone. I myself have the Yin half of the duo. The only problem is that the black paint in the Yin half is easily washed away. Now I don't mean that it all washes away but it does erode. The Yin looks a lot better with a little silver shining through the paint, however, but I do worry about all of the paint eventually going away. Other than that minor defect the necklaces are wonderfull. I'll definately be buying from this seller again
It's a beautiful necklace and it was worth the cost.  It's not filmsy or cheap, it's durable and great
The necklace arrived quickly, especially considering that it came from Thailand.  Good quality, for a good price.  Thanks for good service.  Will be buying jewelry from this seller again
This is a very pretty omega that goes well with many different pendants, and looks great all by itself
This was an inexpensive ring for a great price.  It was a good buy for a HS niece who loves her celtic heritage and the color blue
It was just what I wanted - I wear this ring on my pinky finger and it looks perfect.  Color clarity and triquetra pattern are striking
I didn't realize how picky my taste is with rings until I scoured Amazon for hours looking for something that would interest me.  This ring is one of the few I found, and I am far from a fan of having stones in my rings.  It has a nice low profile.  I've yet to have it catch on anything.  I'm also not a fan of open knot work on rings, but this again managed to sidestep that distaste.  The stone has no backing, so it gets an interesting red tinge in the middle, tinted by my finger
I read the reviews of the other buyers while I was purchasing ing this ring. The first review makes it sound mediocre while the other made it sound perfect. I promised myself I'd write a TRUE review of the ring once I recieved my own. The stone is neither large nor gawdy. The silver pattern is slighty thick for my tastes however not noticably thick. The stone is not high nor fake looking. The picture gives an acurate display of the product. All in all, it's a beautiful ring and a lovely buy for the price asked.
I was concerned the stone would stick up too high on my finger instead it's the perfect height. I was concerned about ordering off the internet but I'm very pleased with the speed of service and the quality of the topaz is very good
I'm quite happy with these and writing to say so, because other users' comments were very helpful to me--especially the person who said that the earrings were substantial: i.e., though diminutive, they have bulk so are visible, with nice warm glow
I bought these earrings for my 10-year old grandaughter for Christmas.  I think she has worn them everyday since - she loves them.  They are not large hoops; if fact, they are a bit small -- but perfect for her. For an adult, I think a little bit larger size would be better. All in all, I was very pleased with the earrings; the quality is very good.
When I first ordered these, I wasnt expecting anything of high quality since their price was so low. It was more of a side gift for my girlfriend. But upon recieving, I was taken back at how nice they really look. You cant pass these up for the price. Shipping was very fast too.
This cute little watch comes with a real eye patch. My son loved it because he also wears an eye patch for his crossed eye
This was a stocking stuffer for Christmas.  My Grandson loved it and it is performing well
This is so cute and if you are a pig collector you need to add him to your collection.  The blue eyes and rhinestone ears are what make it. Nice pink color, not too bright or too dull and so small, it's cute. The little compartment can fit a few rings or earrings in it. Very, very nice
Don't let the price of this cat necklace make you think it is tiny and almost invisible!!  It is a very good size and the carving is great!  It was so inexpensive that I bought two of them.  I'm thinking I might give one to my fellow cat lover friend!  GREAT ITEM WITH A GREAT PRICE!
I bought this item for my grandaughter whose birthday is in August.  I think she will like it a lot.  I know I did
I was impressed with the quality and detail of the ring. The person I bought it for loves it, and as a jeweler herself, that says alot. I was afraid of the metals when I bought it, but she has had no problems. Overall the ring is a gorgeous imitation of history and I would highly recommend it and the company I bought it from
It is what he wanted and you provided it for him  Thanks  I made points as a good Grandmother
This is a very grown up looking watch and my son who is seven, loved it, but it bothered him that it didn't fit very well. The velcro part didn't go very far so it was too big and we ended up putting this one away for maybe next year and buying another timex that was easier to adjust, which worked pretty well by the way.
We bought this watch for my 8-year old-- who loves it.  We deliberately wanted him to develop his time-telling skills (i.e., no digital watches please!), and have a "cool" watch, too.  The velcro strap, the second hand, water-resistant qualities ("I can wear it in the shower, Mom!"), and the indiglo face (very cool in movie theaters) made this a great buy.
Very well satisfied . It's great for a kid to learn to tell time,and the design with velcro strap makes it very adjustable
I bought this as a holiday gift - they're a nice size, clear stones, with good purple color.  I'm very pleased with my purchase, particularly considering the price.  If I were to change one thing, I'd have preferred larger backs and a sturdier post
My friend loved the watch and helped to bring her out of a bad mood
The watch is very colorful. It is even safe to wear in the shower. However the watch cannot be read in the dark and the hands are even hard to see in daylight. It takes an extra few seconds to figure out wear the hands are. But adults who can't get enough of Harry should consider this watch
It's a good value for money -- too rough on the edges
I have no problem with the watch. I actually bought it for my son in law. He seems happy with it. It updates the time and date almost every night he says. Even though it keeps very good time without an up date.
My husband likes watches and is a bit of a geek, so this was the perfect Christmas gift for him.  I was a little bit apprehensive when I recieved it but it works just like it should.  It is not apparent from the discription, but this watch does have the date feature.  I couldn't have gotten him a better gift for the price, he wears it every day
I bought this watch two months back and am using it as a casual watch. But it would go with a formal dress even. Works as promised; I have tried synching this watch in two countries, three signalling stations and several time zones, and it works perfectly well. To quote the cons, it IS a bit chunky, but that's ok since I'm using it as a casual watch. The back of the watch is plastic, which makes it look cheap but don't know if there is any specific reason for that. Also it would've gratified my every needs, had there been an 'Indiglo' or 'Nightglo' feature. In complete darkness, the irradiating hands look fine, but if it is half light, then I have to spend a second or two searching for the hands. These are minor things and I am a perfectionist, so here I stamp 4 stars on it.
Works like advertised. Syncs well with atomic time from Colorado (I am in California). Looks nice.
I bought this as a gift for my husband. He loves it, it works great, looks great, and the price was awesome!
The bragging points of this watch are that the face is large, the numbers are easily readable, it keeps great time because it is atomic,  and the hands and numbers glow in the dark for nighttime viewing. 
The model we bought had a metal-link silver band, and I wish I could have bought the plastic/leather band, but it was not available at the time.  The silver band looks great and my husband liked it, but for work he has to have a non-metal band. We replaced the band with a plastic/rubber one, and the watch is still looking great, and my husband can use it for work or dressy situations!  
I can't believe the great price we got this watch for. It is really a perfect watch for men. 
(...)
The watch has a nice weight, beautiful face and is generously sized.  I need to have several links removed before I can wear it.  It comes nicely packaged, although at first, I didn't think that instructions and warranty paperwork were included.  They were hidden inside the top of the watch box.  It was difficult at first to pull out the pin in order to set the time, but once I got the pin out, it was a snap to adjust the date and time.  
All in all, an excellent watch for a great price! 
I've only had this watch for about a week, so can't really comment about the long term durability.  However, it is ultra cool watch.
Although I've not got a scale handy at the moment, but it seems to be lighter than my iPod Nano.  Really a featherweight watch, and therefore very comfortable to wear.  
The dial color really can't be adaquately captured in a picture.  It is VERY attractive, much more striking than the image indicates.  Several people have asked where I purchased it.
I'm very happy with this choice
This Skagen watch is full of class, yet it's perfect for casual wear too. Very thin, so it's not clunky like a lot of other watches. Titanium black... and the band is black metal as well. Had to bend the clasp a bit to get it to hold, but now it's perfect. And because it's not an expansion braclet, it's very easy to adjust the band to fit your wrist. I hope to have this for years to come, because I've not seen anything like it. And the price is right too
This watch is so light and thin but so good-looking that even my husband, who doesn't like watches weighing him down, wears it every day.  After three months I don't see any wearing away of the band and the face seems to really resist scratching, because it still looks perfect
the watch is everything I hoped for except I wish the blue dial was a little brighter blue. Handsome as is, just not impressive or eye catching. Other than that minor complaint, it is very slim and very comfortable to wear. You don't even feel it on your arm
Don't buy this watch, unless you want it (and your good taste) to be admired.  It's just beautiful, sort of like man-jewelry for guys that don't wear jewelry.
But I plan to wear it only when I wear certain clothing, to certain events.    I have other watches for other situations
I loved this watch the moment I put it on at Macy's.  I get home to see if I could maybe get a better deal than $135.  As always Amazon comes through yet again with a price of $69 plus I don't pay sales tax on it.  SOLD!  If you've not seen this watch in person the pictures definitely do not do it justice
This watch is for occasions only. you wear this one to weddings dance parties and or formal occassions. 1 you don't bring this to a fishing camp or use it climbing a rock face. 2 it's not a chonographic face so not for military so its not roughed enough to take out into the wilderness to go romping through with your M2A1 rifles. its sole perpuse is to get stares and look pretty on occasions like Birthday events. let your girlfriends buy it for you guys. I bought it because it was titanium mesh, not because of it's latching method. Again its almost 18th century... it's 21 century material used in place of a 18th Century design
Great looking watch... looks just like the photo if not better. Very pleased with the quality and for a very affordable price
I had been looking at the Skagen watches for six months and could not find any sales.  They are priced around $110.  When I saw this particular model for $69, I was excited.  I read some other reviews on other watches and was cautious when some said that they purchased watches that were not in boxes and had no instructions.  This watch arrived three days after I ordered it and was in a beautiful box just like I had bought at the store. It was brand new and I love it.  I especially love it when I get something new on sale and a great deal.  Amazon is a great place to order.  I get merchandise very quickly and at a great price
This necklace turned out to be a fantastic gift. She wears it everyday with every outfit. It looks great with jeans and a t-shirt AND with an extravagent dress.
This is a perfect anytime gift. I bought this for my gf for xmas and she loved it. We have only been dating for 6 months i did not want to get anything that was over the top.  Perfect for any occasion. She'll love it. 
This will wow her but not worry her to think you are rushing anything 
Plus it's under 100. Can't beat the price. Thanks amazon
I wore the phoenix necklace at my first trip to the Magic Castle where I got compliments from the waiter and some of the magician
I came across this looking for angel pendants.  I bought this one and the matching earrings.  I absolutely love this pendant! Wear it all the time and always get compliments on it.  You can wear it year round! One of the earrings fell out of my ear the first time I wore it!  Wouldn't recommend those! But this winged pendants is beautiful
I was pleased with this item. My only criticism is that it is smaller than it appears in the pictures, so I was decieved. I was hoping for a larger pendant.. However, my wife really likes it and it came with a nice little velvetine bag in which to store it....
i love this pendant, every time i wear it  people want to know where i got it, back in the 70's we bought items that reminded us of the eagles and lynn skynn's Free Bird. so when i wear it it reminds me of the good old days. yeah i know it's a pheonix, but whn i bought it was called an eagle.(ebay
I had the pendant in 3 days, insted of 3 weeks! And that from the US to the Netherlands. Many thanks for that. The Pendant itself is perfect, very detaild and it looks great.
My girls love them.  The face of the watch is clear and easy to see.  They also like that it lights up
These watches are just as cute as they look in the ad. This is 1 of 3 I bought for Christmas. All 3 girls really like them. No one has had any trouble with them
I had an issue with my ring not being delivered in a timely matter.  I got in touch with the company and they had a new one delivered to me the next day.  The person I dealt with was very professional and I would definitely buy from this company again
I bought this for my wife for Valentines Day and she was elated.  She said they were the perfect size and weight.  When she's happy, I'm happy
These earrings are perfect! Perfect in size, color and weight. They're not much bigger then a quater and very light, in a beautiful white gold shine. Yes the post are thicker then most, but after a few days you get use to them. I had a pair like these that were given to me as a gift and I lost one. When I found these on Amazon I wasn't sure how much they would be like my other. They are a perfect match and my old pair was at least 7-8 years old. If you want a perfect hoop that is good for day or night these are the ones
I was hoping that they were a little larger in size and not as thick. However, I think it's a decent buy for only $30.00 I bought this as a stocking stuffer for my girlfriend. It comes packaged in a beautiful velvet blue box thats almost big enough to fit a watch. Very clean presentation when you open it up. The white gold really shines. The free shipping was FAST...and I do mean quick. I ordered this late at night and it arived the very next day. I've never had a quicker shipment for free before. If your looking for a great deal on white gold earings, I think you've found it
The picture for this pendant is deceiving; it is a lot smaller than it appears.  I know the dimensions were given but the picture gives one the impression that it is bigger than it really is.  Nevertheless, my wife likes it very much and that's good enough for me.  The price was right at $18.00 so overall I think it was a good buy.
Being part Irish and born 3 days after St Patricks day, hence my name I was lucky enough to find this item at Amazon.com and it is a top class item with a good finish. The ring seems to keep it's shine with no maintanence required. As usual the service and delivery at Amazon.com is second to none. As an American living in Australia there are so many things I can't get in this country which is why I get things like jewelry from them. Couldn't be happier with this ring
My cousin is pleased with this gift and began wearing as soon as she got it
I bought these for my sister for Christmas and she absolutlely loved them
I was pleased when I received my earrings, however, they're smaller in reality than what's pictured on the website.But, they're still pretty
Very lovely for a good price and came less then a week after I ordered it with standard mail.  Was very impresse
Jewelry&watches
Live well...
You'll be always in a high spirit if you purchase this bracelet.
It's a  really good gift for your friends
The bracelet looks more expensive than it is.  I like wearing it
Although I've only had it a few weeks, I have had many compliments and questions on where I got it.  It is detailed and solid with a great message.  Would recommend it
Loving the look of the Rolex Daytona, I spotted this watch on Amazon and just had to have one (at the price).
Arrived in a well padded display box, with all parts of the watch and strap covered in a protective plastic - so no scratches.
Taking out a few links for that custom fit just took a couple of minutes.
The watch looks great - better than the images on the Web - and it works as described.
Other posters that have had issues should read the manual! It does all of the chrono functions, and has full adjustments for hand alignment etc. - Fantastic
The Watch looks and feels great. I did a lot of looking around before I decided on this watch and I'm very happy with my choice!
I would recommend this watch to anyone who is in the market for a very good watch at an even better price.
Well done Invicta and Amazon on a great product
I sent this watch to my five-year old grandson as his birthday gift. He was very proud wearing it because the second hand had a soccer ball on it and the strap did not need adjusting. Besides, he started playing soccer at that time.
I am not much for this watch, but it is exactly what I paid for.  I knew it wasn't going to excite me, becasue it's a kids watch.  It's ok for a kids watch
I am the type of person who has to have a watch on; I feel lost without it.  Therefore, my watch has to be something that I can wear every day.  But I also wanted something that can go with a dressier outfit.  And this watch is wonderful.  I've heard that Skagen is a good brand and it's true.  It's very lightweight, beautiful (I love the little crystals at each number), and durable.  Great buy
- Price point was excellent
- Product Quality is really good
- Shipped on time
- Was priced 50% compared to Dillard's locally and no taxes, no shipping fees:
I bought this for almost 50% less than it sells in the local department store and am happy with my purchase.   The only trouble I have had is with the clasp.  It is a little tricky and you have to make sure that is catches correctly.  I found my watch on the floor recently because the clasp came open
It's not the most expensive watch but it doesn't have to be. It's a looker of a watch. Classy,clean and sharp looking. Mesh band on the wrist (any- I have a Skagen also) is most comfortable and easy to use and sure locking. Terrific buy & price
The watch is extremely reliable. I've had it three years and it's never lost time and is running on the original battery. I wear it every day so it takes a lot of abuse. It's simple design is elegant enough for me to wear to work or out for a casual evening, but casual enough for me to wear on weekends. The mesh band is the most comfortable band you will ever wear, you don't even feel it against your skin. I have a two-tone Movado and I far prefer my $89 Skagen to my $900 Movado.  My Skagen is also easy to read the time. I just love it more than I can say. I own numerous watches, many from Switzerland. But the Skagen is the KING of my lifetime watch collection. Simplicity as its very BEST
This watch is great, looks great and feels great. The hands clicking sound is almost none! Overall nice watch, very happy with it.
I've purchased this watch from mid-watch company- as you can see It's a fab casual watch and is worth the price.
the service was great and on time, and I am very pleased with this purchase.
thank you
The learning curve on this watch if you use it for fishing may take some time.  The moon phase is nice to know about and the sunrise and sunset is pretty cool too, but I didn't give this watch 5 stars because for the money it didn't give me the one option I used more than any other on previous cheaper watches, a timer.  This one has the stopwatch but there is no timer you can set for say 10 or 15 minutes.  It keeps great time so far, but that's typical of Casio.  The backlight is very bright, enough so that you can almost use it as a flashlight, and the option on this model where you can set it for the backlight to come on everytime you hold your arm a certain way is cool.  If you're looking for a good water proof timepiece and you don't really care about the timer issue, this is the one.  And yeah I'm vain about what it looks like on my arm; it looks manly and cool
My son loves his new Timex watch.  It has an elastic band that is easy for him to slip on and off.  He wears it every day, and he is getting so much better at telling time!  If you push a button the face lights up.  My son enjoys using this to tell time in the dark
I bought this for my boyfriend.  He absolutely loves this product.  It holds his money in the clipper and his credit cards on the opposite side.  It's beautiful silver and looks very professional. 
I bought this watch for my bf on V-Day, I ordered it on 2/10 and the order was here online, fast shipping and item was in good shape. Will do business again in the future.
The Fossil Watch Bentley Gunmetal, it is an excellent purchase, because it is a watch of high quality and to a good price. If they want to have a quality watch and that it likes the people who know, they do not doubt in buying it
apart of great look and seem durability, it is strange feature in such kind of dial. You have chronograph, but you do not have idea where it stops. 23 or 26 seconds? Difficult to find out with such a dial..
I really like this watch.  Looks nice and has all the features I wanted
I received this watch from Santa and boy did he do a good job. I love it! It is a very nice watch and it has handle the russle and tussle of a single-mom's life without much marks. Can't beat the price.
even if you are not, buy this watch.  I am a nurse, much like many of the other reviewers.  In fact, I bought it due to their reviews.  It is a fantastic watch.  Easy to read, has an illumination option and a handy date feature.  The only trouble I have is the size of the band (too long).  I will take it to a jeweler to take a few links out, however, the directions for doing this yourself make it looks easy (it's not).  Don't even bother looking for another watch, this one is a steal
The wife has a hard time with watches and this one has made her very happy
I was a little surprised at the size and weight of this watch, its almost 0.5in thick, and the bezel is a full 1.5in across so the case is a bit bigger than that.  The mineral glass crystal seems substantial and durable, but the clarity is just average.  In addition to having glow-in-the-dark markings (which don't work too well) on the hands and dial-markers, it also has an Indiglo style back-light (which does work well).  The bezel only rotates counter-clockwise, and it seems very tight at first.  Overall, it's a decent everyday watch. 
The styling on this watch is very nice.  The silver and the grey colors look really good. The lightweight titanium is great and the size is just right. Now for what I don't like about it...first after purchasing online I took it to a jewelry store to have a couple of links taken out...I'm out $15 for that. The the clasp pin has broken twice another $20 for repair. And the watch is LOUD.  When I'm driving to work or am sitting in the office and everything is quiet I can hear the ticking....I don't guess that should bother me..but it does
The watch is very lightwieght and is scratch resistant so far! I wear it at work everyday and its holding up great!
Enjoy the watch and Always buy from Amazon
I bought this watch because I wanted something inexpensive, but still professional looking.  I like the lightness of the watch, the thin size, and the simple design.  It does make an audible ticking sound that is louder than I would like, but still not very noticeable.  
If you haven't seen other comments about getting the watch sized, pay attention.  I took it to a professional jewelry repair shop, and they still couldn't remove some extra links without leaving some minor scratches.  I would recommend having any size adjustments done by a professional jeweler who has been selling this brand of watch for a while.  The jeweler I went to has a good reputation, but does not sell Skagen.
Exceptional value in a classy and understated design. Keeps time in a superior fashion Highly recommended
The Casio G-Shock Atomic Solar Watch #GW1400DA-4AV is sort of middle of the road in terms of price (I paid $99). It's not cheap but it's not too expensive either. The display diameter is not large but it is a thick, tough-looking watch (a real man's watch... :) ). It's also on the heavy side. So, if you're looking for an elegant, thin watch, look somewhere else.
When I first got it, the power source was at 50% charge. After leaving the watch on my desk facing up towards a desk fluorescent lamp that was left on, the charge reached 100% the next day. The solar cell seems to be working. The time is accurate too. I checked it against the computer time (which also gets synched everyday). It comes with a small manual (with very small text), but I found that there's really no need to use the manual at all initially. It works right out of the box and all the factory settings were correct. (The manual will come in useful when you have some time on your hands to browse through it to get a clearer idea of all the available features.)
The watch's steel wristband was much too large for me and I had to shorten it (removed 4 links, actually). I used a Swiss army knife blade to accomplish the task. The knife tip has to be strong enough to apply pressure to the spring loaded rod that holds the links together, but small to get into the small area between the wrist band metal links (watch for the arrows: these tell you where to apply the pressure). You need to push down on the ridges of the rod, and out (away from you). (Down, so that you can make the rod shorter, and out so that when the rod is shortened, the wrist band link will pop out). I did accidentally scratch the band but it wasn't too bad since the scratch was on the inside. (It's easy enough to shorten the wristband and almost everyone who gets this watch will have to do this.) Be careful not to slice your finger open. Always turn the blade away from your finger when applying the pressure.
Overall, I give it 2 thumbs up for looks and functionality.
(Note: this watch is sold by multiple vendors on Amazon. You should check for the one that has the best price. When I bought it, I wasn't aware of this but found out later, a little too late)
As other people have pointed out, this is a very solid watch. I really am not afraid of it breaking if it falls, or anything like that. However, this is partly due to its enormous thickness. It's not that the diameter of the watch is surprisingly large - it's how thick it is. If you have a small wrist, this watch is probably not for you, as it will be very noticeable. It's also not especially light, obviously, but it feels comfortable enough.
It keeps excellent time, and I've had no problems with the automatic signal searching
This watch is great. It recharges itself, self adjusts with the atomic clock, world time, auto lighting, etc... just to mention a few features. As this is from the G shock series, it is really sturdy and scratch/water/weather/heat/shock resistant! It has both the digital and the analog hand to view the time(whichever is convenient). This synchronizes with the atomic clock(time and the daylight savings) which means you need not adjust the time. Another interesting feature is that if you tilt your hand in the dark towards you then the watch lights up showing you the time!
There are a few cons. There is no seconds hand on it(but there is a digital second indicator). This watch is slightly heavy and huge. But after a few months you get adjusted to it. You need to go through the manual as there are so many features and you have only four buttons
this is a very nice, affordable watch.  i like not having to replace batteries and knowing that it will ALWAYS be accurate.
people who own $1000+ watches ask me about it a lot.  when i tell them that it is solar powered and automatically synchronizes with an atomic clock every night, and that i only paid $60 for it while on sale from amazon, they immediately tell me that they paid too much for their expensive inferior watches
It's a very stylish watch and I get compliments on it all the time, but the display for the functions like stopwatch, alarm, and date display are small and hard to see. Also, the date is off and I haven't been able to properly set it
I bought this watch as a gift for a friend who requested this exact one.  He loves it.   Personally the lights that come on and off far too frequently for no reason would be a little too much for me.  It is certainly the largest wrist watch I have come across but if this is what you're looking for and knowing that it is a G-Shock which makes it a great watch, this is the one for you
This watch does a lot in a large light case.  I was impressed when it set itself during the recent time change.  Very nice
The watch is an excellent timekeeper.  Automatic calibration really works (although some reviews I'd read indicate otherwise).  I like the dial, features, (changes to dst, calendar knows how many days in a month,etc.)   Do not, though, travel with this watch for a while without the instruction book.   The four control buttons take some time to figure out, and most of them are so rarely used that when you do need the stopwatch, or one of the various other options, you'll likely need the book (at least I did).  Also understand that this is a BIG watch--probably at least twice as thick as the watch you're used to and considerably heavier.  It will hang up on a jacket or anything with long sleeves.   The G shock, though, is tougher than a hammer and if you don't mind the bulk I'd recommend it.  RLM in Iow
Bought this beautiful necklace for my daughters b-day.  She loves it and now other family members want me to get one for them. 
This is a lovely necklace but the pendant part is smaller than it looks in the picture.  Very pretty overall
I've seen very inconsistant reviews for Silver Insanity items.  I received this necklace for Christmas last year, and it's pretty nice.  Generally I always receive a compliment when I wear it.  For the price, it's worth it. If you're looking for something nicer, you're simply going to have to pay more
I own many watches, including some very expensive ones. Such quality & looks for 1/10 of the price ! This watch is classy and the quality is second to none. Awesome !
I bought this watch for my husband and he absolutely loves it.  He has received many compliments.  It is high quality and arrived in perfect condition.  It is great as an everyday watch and still nice enough to wear for dressier occasions as well.  Almost bought the watch at a dept. store, but saved $25 using amazon.  Great product! 
I recieved this watch for Christmas and I'm still blown away looking at it.  Had to take it to a jewelry shop to remove a link (my wrists are small) because the links are difficult to do themselves, but that's probably just for emphasis on quality.  It came in a Fossil christmas tin, very well packaged.  I'm very satisfied and recommend it for someone looking for a nice dress watch for their collection
Baeutiful watch, offered at a great price.  delivered very quickly.  A++
im 14 and i go to school.... i bought this watch because I got a nice allowence and wow THE PEOPLE AT SCHOOL THINKS IM RICH AND COOL:!!!!!
Recently I got into a more "grown up" field (commercial real estate) and decided I had to look the part.  I decided I needed a great watch to go with those new Brooks Brothers suits and got an Invicta Speedway.  At over a little more than a hundred bucks it was the greatest deal of my life.  I get compliments on it, especially from women, almost EVERY SINGLE DAY.  Several of my older colleagues mistook it for a Rolex Daytona and flipped when I told them the price.  I highly recommend it.
Furthormore,  I have found that INVICTA is an amazing watch company to say the least.  Around the same time I also bought the 8926 Pro Diver to use as my casual watch and also get endless compliments.  It is amazing that I got both of these watches for less money than a run of the mill Seiko or Citizen.  They will have have my money and compliments for years to come
It's a great watch for the price.  I think I paid $130 for it. It runs great, keeps good time, and is probably one of the best watches you can get for the money.  High quality work, very close in look/feel/weight to a R*lex.  We'll have to see how the gold plating wears over time, but other than that, it's a great watch
Has the effect of thousends $$$$ watch. I love it. One of the best deals i`ve had from Amazon this last years
Believe it, this is a stunningly beautiful watch and no one will guess the price unless you tell them.  It gets more attention than my gold Rolex!
As for the weight, it is normal for stainless which means a solid feel and you know it's there.  If someone wants a flyweight watch why would they buy stainless steel?
It reliably functions exactly as described.  You'll love this watch.  Buy the 5-year extended warranty for $25 and enjoy it.
P.S.  If you need to remove links, just put a smoothed paperclip in a vice to push the pins out.  No big deal
The watch was even more attractive than it appeared. I had none of the noise problems that were described in other reviews. The mesh bracelet is not as comfortable as the leather bands I am used to. In low light it is sometimes difficult to see (my eyesight is good). But basically I am very satisfied
RECEIVED THIS WATCH IN TIMELY MANNER, VERY PLEASANTLY 
SURPRISED AT FEELING OF WEIGHT, SOLID CONSTRUCTION
AND RUGGEDNESS. HAD ABOUT GIVEN UP AT GETTING A WATCH
WITH DIGITAL DIAL THAT WAS NOT A CASIO PLASTIC WATCH.
HAVE RECENTLY BOUGHT THE SOLOMAN STAINLESS VERSION AND
A GOLD VESTAL MODEL. WILL LET MY RELATIVES CHOOSE WHICH
WATCH SUITS THEM AS A GIFT. GENE SETCHELL
  It broke the first time I tried to put it on.  I's very beautiful and the others did just fine.  Thank  you.  Sincerely,  Gai
I read the reviews on this diamond just before Christmas when it was on sale for $99.00. The diamonds are better then expected and I consider them to be a fine purchase for 99 bucks. No visible flaws. I am sure if I used a loop I could find some but no visible yellow on these and the clarity is fair. Their great for $99.00 diamonds
This one is excellent for the price. Good build and accurate. 
I wish it had alert function
My friends purchased this watch for me in 1998 as a graduating college/leaving for the Army gift.  I have worn it daily for nine years.  It survived the hardships of an Army lifestyle (I wore it daily then, too) and is still going strong.  I have replaced the battery once and had to have the date bezel removed (the thin silver border) because it popped out after my toddler daughter beat on it on the ground various times (yes, I should have moved it to a higher location).  The lens has minor scratches, but nothing that deters from its simple function and aesthetic charm.  This watch has never failed me.  It is simply the best, most durable, watch that I have ever owned
Very handsome easy-to-read face and date window; especially like the day/date display. Most watches in this price range feature date only. Excellent value
I got this set as a party gift for a sleep-over for my kids.
They loved it and the price was really hard to beat
The dial is big for some people, but being it's a diving watch I would expect nothing less.  This is a beautiful piece of machinery and I wear it everyday
I'm a pretty big guy so it doesn't look out of place, but this is really an extra large watch that is also quite heavy.  It runs well, keeps good time and the movement has a very good reputation for reliability.  If you're an extra large person and don't mind a heavy watch, you may be interested in this.  If you're average size or smaller, I wouldn't recommend it.  Personally, this is my weekend watch because it comes across as being pretty bullet-proof in normal use
I like this Watch it's good price and also cool look ;)
hey guys you will not lose anythings if you have one like it :
Yeah, it's a money clip alright.  Going from an overfilled wallet down to a 5 card/cash only clip was surprisingly easy.  I found that I was carrying a whole lot of "stuff" in my wallet that I didn't need and was just causing my wallet to get bigger and bigger.
With just 5 cards, a couple receipts and a little cash this clip is much more comfortable, easier to manage, and looks a lot better than my old wallet.
I do agree with the previous reviewer about the clip forcing the cash to bunch up under the clasp when it's closed.  However, it doesn't take long for it to become second nature to keep the cash pulled out a bit before securing it down.
I haven't used any other money clips so I can't compare this one to others, but if you use a wallet I can say that this is, hands down, my new preference
I've had this for a week, it may not function as well in a year, and that is something you might want to keep in mind reading this.
So far, however, it's been a great replacement for a wallet. Don't get me wrong, I still have my wallet and will likely use it when travelling. But for everyday use this is far more practical and comfortable to carry. It's also as easy on the eyes as it is in the pocket - equally pleasant to carry and look at.
Feels sturdy and durable; light but not flimsy. This can hold upto 5 cards and maybe 20 bill notes.
Be warned, however, although the clip does hold 5 credit card-sized cards (ID's, and whatever else you may have) it is only really easy to remove the topmost and bottom most cards. That is, if you have 5 cards you use quite often you may want to look else where.
Personally, I have an ID on the top and my credit card on the bottom. The other three cards are ones I almost never use, or use very rarely.
One of the concerns I had purchasing this is whether or not it will securly hold less than 5 cards. It does (there are pressure clips on the sides of where the card goes in), but I wouldn't recommend it. Just didn't feel safe enough, even with 4 cards.
Something I did not foresee purchasing this is that the clip secures the money very tightly. Consequently: 1) When you press down the clip, it drags the money back a few millimeters. If you put the money in too far back it'll crumple it up. 2) When secured, you can't just pull out a bill, you will have to lift the clip up. The first point I've found a little more bothersome than the second, but after playing around with it for half an hour or so I've got the hang of clamping it without crumpling the money.
That being said, it really is a very nice item and would be an awesome gift to give to a friend, husband, father, or for your own personal use - if it suites their or your dress style.
(If you are wondering why it is a 4 star and not a 5... well, for no real good reason. It does deserve 5 stars, but the little issues with the clip tugging on the money as you clamp it down - although it means money is held more securely - that holding less than 5 cards didn't feel too secure, and pulling out any card other than the top and bottom most cards is difficult, dropped it down to a 4. It may just be that these are issues that were neccessary to keep the product as fanatastic as it is. 4.5 stars might have been a welcome option, this is as close to perfect as it gets.
I presented it to my sister's daughter and she loved it very much..She loved  cell phone , watch and even Box. I felt very happy and i would suggest any one to buy this item..
The ring is better in real life than the picture, but you still get what you pay for.
this pendant is really nice. i bought it as a gift. it is just the pendant so you do have to get a chain.
They are comfy and I am able to wear them for long periods of time where with some other metals I can not. The thing is I have smaller ears than some people so the stones are a little big for my ears I think but other than that they are just fine
  I just recently had my ears pierced and needed something small that I could wear continually on a daily casual basis without the earrings looking too dressy.  These earrings are just perfect for that purpose.   They are simple elegance with genuine pearls and sterling silver findings.  They are even confortable enough to wear while sleeping. I am wearing the white pearl set right now.  Love them! 
I love these!  They are such a good deal for the price, and come in a nice box.  They are much better than what I was expecting. : )  Colours are a nice pastel, and would go with lots of different things.  Pearls are large but not too large - just right
We happened across these as a Gold Box item, and decided they were the perfect size and color for our daughter as an Easter present.  They came nicely packaged, and are some of her favorites.  My wife now wants the same in different colors :
All right so these earrings are absolutely adorable! They are fun and go with anything! Good size. Good quality. I would buy for someone as a gift
These earrings are really pretty.  There are not real great variations in the color between each set (they are all pastel, after all!) but each has a beautiful sheen and color.
They are also set very firmly on the backs - I was worried that, for the price, they wouldn't hold up.  But they are very nicely made.
The packaging was okay, but not deluxe.  What I appreciated was that there was a little flyer enclosed telling how to take care of pearls, which I found informative.
All in all a good purchase and well worth the money
I am very pleased with the pretty shades of the pearls and the size was even bigger than I expected.  The only thing that would have them even better was bigger flat backings.  I have very small ear lobes so they flopped forward.  I remedied that by changing the backings.  I am wearing them with so many things and really enjoying them
As with all natural pearls, the shapes are not perfect. Only cultured pearls are perfect, because man controls them. The dye is uniform and the size is perfect, big enough that they can be seen easily.  The colors; pink, white, gold, and lavender are clear.  Even the green is a clear green, just not my favorite green
I was skeptical about this watch because of the very low price but I was very pleasantly surprised. It has a quality finish and band, is comfortable, and works great here on the East Coast. It reliably synchs with the Colorado time signal so it's always accurate. Great watch for the money, I highly recommend this yellow dial watch and its black and blue dial siblings
I purchased one of the Casio Men's Atomic Waveceptor Yellow Dial Watch #VQ200HDA-9BVCF from amazon. This watch is great, it updates the time automatically (just switched to daylight savings and I didn't have to touch a thing).Instructions say to position watch in a window or where it has view to the sky for updates, My watch was in a drawer under a marble top and it updated just fine.I saw in other reviews complaints about the plastic back, this is a must to allow the auto updates. Again, Cool Looking,Great Watch!!!!
This watch is pretty much exactly what you would expect from the picture. The case is a bit thick and the backplate is plastic, but that might reduce overall weight and compensate for the size. It certainly doesn't feel like the lead weight my fossil watches seem to be. I have a smaller than average wrist and it was easily sizable down with the proper tools. Atomic time reception is good even as far south as I am and it rarely misses updates. You can force an update if you feel like it and its really easy.  What is not easy is the initial setup.  I've never had to really read a manual on most electronics, but you will need it with this one.  Keep that in a safe place for when the battery dies.  At least for now, the price is a deal for the functionality and quality
It is a nice watch for the Dollar spent on this item. The catch is that it will work with the concept of Wave-ceptor. And it adjusts time according to the place you are in. So...good watch..!
I gave this necklace to my daughter who was becoming a new big sister and she just loved it.  The necklace was very symbolic because the big heart represented Big Sister and the little heart represented little sister holding on.  I just loved it
The quality of this piece is really surprising! I purchased this as a gift for a 16-year-old. When I received it, I immediately loved the styling and the chain. I was very pleased to have found such an appropriate, lovely gift at such a great price
I used this necklace as a matching piece to my fiance's marquise heavy engagment ring. It is a beautiful contemporary piece of jewelry. It's symmetry and simplicity are hard to find in sea of gawdy overly embellished jewelry pieces. It's a great buy and my fiance loves it
The photo of the necklace looked pretty, but I didn't realize it would be so nice!  My daughter loved it and I will probably purchase one for myself
This is my first silver necklace.  I have had it on since I purchased it and I have received a lot of complements.  It is also comfortable to wear
This pendant is much prettier in person.  It's got a nice polished finish, not satin/matte like in the image.  It hangs nicely on the sturdy snake chain.  I've already received several compliments on it.   
My wife has a problem with earrings because she needs a small prong. I ordered her other earrings but I had to return them because they hurt her ears. These were a nice change because she can wear them without the pain. Plus she loves them
The watch was in perfect condition and arrived much earlier than anticipated.  We were very pleased with this purchase.  Plus, I couldn't have asked for a better price
This is an excelllent watch, and it does what it promises to be
Hello all, you cannot go wrong with this watch. It is a very good looking watch. The web does it no justice. Great Deal for the money. This is the most expensive watch I have ever had, I have always worn Timex, but no more. The features in the Perpetual Calendar and the Kinetic and it also has a Leap Year Calendar, which I did not need, but no problem. If the watch sets still for more than 12 hours it actually stops. Then the moment you pick it back up it automatically reset's itself, pretty cool feature. When I received it, the watch blew me away. It was delivered quickly and tags were attached and I registered it with [....................]. I can go on........I give it 10 stars if it would let me!!!!! Enjoy.
I love this watch, I've had it for almost a year.  Its absolutely beautiful, but simple. It keeps time very well.  For the work I do I don't wear this watch to work.  So I can go sometimes a full week without wearing it.  The hands stop after sitting still for 24 hours but as soon as I pick it back up and give it a shake, the hands spin around and sets itself.  Its not to dressy for casual wear, but it also fits perfectly with a suit and tie. I highly recommend it!
I bought this watch as a gift for my boyfriend, and he was pleasantly surprised to say the least.  The human-powered kinetic movement of the watch really appeals to the gadget lover in any guy, and the sapphire crystal face of the watch will not scratch.  Although I bought the black-faced Kinetic Coutoura Seiko, the gold/silver version of this watch is lovely also.  Great quality, gorgeous appearance, reasonable price - definitely consider this watch
I just bought this pin to put in my hair for my upcoming wedding, I love it!  It's really sparkly and gorgeous.  I also accidentally dropped it on tile flooring and it didn't break.  Very nice pin
First impressions: It's a nice watch with a clear look. I was a little worried about the lack of backlighting, but was pleasantly suprised that I was able to see the luminescent dials clearly at any hour of the night.
Pros: Quick atomic time synchronization (usually within one to two minutes after the initial synchronization). Simple to use. 
Cons: Case is described as stainless steel, but back piece is plastic. Originally listed by Amazon as a solar-powered watch, but instead powered by regular battery. Battery life expectancy about 2 years, though it may lost longer by disabling the auto-sync feature.
Overall comments: This is my first atomic time wrist-watch. It automatically synchronizes with atomic time once at midnight (a function you can disable if desired) or on-demand with the press of a button or two. It does this by scanning for a radio signal. According to the instructions, you're supposed to leave this watch near a window with the 6-o'clock side facing the window for best radio-signal reception. Reception can of course vary depending on your location, but the watch has successfully updated several times even while I was wearing it.
I like watches with flat crystal surfaces, because it allows me to paste a PDA screen-proctector (cut to size, of course) on them, which keeps the crystal from scratching. The crystal on this watch is only slightly curved, and in only one direction, meaning a screen protector sticks nicely and evenly to it.
The watch is waterproof to 50 meters, which (in Casio terms) means you can go swimming with it, but you should not press any buttons underwater. I try to keep my watches away from water when I can, but it's always good to know that it should survive most water-related mishaps
I purchased this watch for my father as a gift.  The blue face is beautiful, the numbers are easy to read, it's light weight and keeps perfect time.  He loves this watch and has had many compliments since he started wearing it
I bought two of these, one each for DH & DS and both have found it perfect, apart from having to remove a few links. (If you've got thick wrists, it is perfect indeed.
I brought this for a good friend for the Xmas 2006 season. He just loved it and claimed that it is quite beautifu
I received a lovely pendant necklace several years ago, and wear it everywhere, but my long hair always tangles in the chain and trying to get the hair out usually breaks the chain.  I average buying about 4 new chains a year.  Since purchasing this chain, my hair is not tangled nor ripped out by the links, clothing fiber doesn't catch on it, my pendant does not get stuck on the clasp-in short, this is the worlds most perfect chain!  I cannot tell you how happy I am with this purchase
this thing is a rOCK!! its heavy indeed, i like that it definetelly feels when i have it on, its been taking hits since last year, with no scratches what soever everyone that see it loves it the picture dont do any good you have to see it and feel it in your han
The watch was shipped in a timely manner, actually I receive the watch a few days sooner than the expected delivery date. I purchased this product as a gift for my son.  When I opened the package it was everything the site said it would be and more. My son and I am very pleased with the watch. I do agree with a previous review stating that this watch is not for a small frame man. Although, this is not a problem for me because my son likes the larger watches, I took it to have it resized for him and it fits perfect
This is a great and stylish watch.  I always get compliments.  It is heavy, sturdy and looks much more expensive than what the actual price was.  It looks great with any suit and looks really good with a nice blue shirt.  Highly recommended.  The stainless steel is much shinnier than what the picture shows.  Ignore the comment below.  You will be happy with this watch!
This is a great watch!!!! It feels heavy, it's big, it looks AWESOME with a blue shirt and it will distinguish you in any crowd! You can wear it as a dress watch or with a sports shirt, IT JUST LOOKS GREAT! The best fossil I've ever bough
Nice bracelet for the price. Good for gifts for friends (which is what I purchased them for) Everyone was very happy with them
Bought several of these bracelets for Christmas gifts!  They were a big hit!  Perfect for someone who need a little pick me up
Service was prompt and the earings are beautiful.  I get compliments on them all the time and my sister asked for them on her birthday
Had these on my wish list and received them as a gift. They are even more lovely in person. They are one of my favorite pairs - I wear them all the time. They're very simple, yet elegant, and very well made, especially for the price. I will definitely buy more from this company.
I first came across the Silver Insanity line of Celtic jewelry last year, when I was looking for Christmas presents. Jackpot! I confess I spent a good hour and a half looking over their featured items, both on Amazon and on the Silver Insanity website. The teardrop earrings I picked out were quite a success, so much so that I recently went back and got this lovely pair of silver Celtic knot earrings for myself. I've been very happy with my selection, and I just went to pick out some silver starburst earrings as a wedding gift for a friend. I highly recommend the items from Silver Insanity, and plan to order from them again
I really like my earrings that I bought and they came in time
Having only owned Fossil watches prior to this one I must say that I was a little jaded.  My latest Fossil bit the dust after many long, good years of use.  I happened to find this just browsing one day and was hooked by the color and overall design.  I have to say, I was highly impressed with what I received.  It is an absolutely beautiful watch
Great product for the price, espeacially for a starter set. Fear not, you cant go wrong here..
I bought this set for part of my fiancee's Christmas, and she loves it!  The pearls are a very nice size.  They really are heavy and shine beautifully.  They are definitely worth the price
Very nice size, almost perfect shape, beautiful luster and color. Great to wear with almost anything. They are very chic and classy. I'm very happy I bought them!!
Lovely jewelry, great price, but the clasp is pretty tough to work. This is not the necklace for anyone with stiff fingers. I'm also worried that the clasp might not hold up to repeated use and wish it was the more traditional link to link closure than this insert-key type clasp. It's probably a great choice for very occassional use, though with the quality and price, it really is a regular-use type of necklace. I think it's best suited for the nimble-fingered, traditional-fashion person
I had always assumed that freshwater pearls were oddly shaped and not as attractive as their saltwater cousins. This set put my assumptions to rest.  It is a beautiful set of pearls at a very competetive price
If you are trying to buy a decent set of pearls and don't really have a good frame of referance - these are for you. My wife was a jewler and she likes pearls. I bought these and got positive feedback. I was nervous but when they showed they were heavy and looked great. You will be OK if you go with these
cute earrings exactly what I expected to be and the shipping was super fast as well
Beautiful, detailed, and very high quality for the price. Am very, very pleased with the prompt shipping as well. Highly recomended
This watch comes in a cute box which shows what's inside.  The contents are nicely spread out and the presentation is certainly appealling to the eyes of a little girl.  Excellent product
I ordered this jewelry piece with the gift box and card.  The box, while attractive at first glance, is flimsy, got slightly crushed in transit, and the ribbon on its top is frayed and pasted-on.  The card that came with it is much too large to fit inside the box or even on top gracefully, and the message inside is not centered, making it impossible to trim down.  Said message inside appears to have been written in plain old Times New Roman script.  I could do far better on my own printer, and for the cost, I could get a much more attractive card at a store.  I will say, however, that the piece itself looks every bit as nice as it does in the photos.  I might order from Silver Insanity again, but I'm not paying for any of the "frills"- they just aren't putting enough work into it to make it worth it
These are beautiful earrings.  They are a bit small but the stones are vibrant and rich looking.  My only complaint is that the post part of the earring is not very substantial and I feel as though I need to handle them VERY carefully.  They are extremely comfortable and have just the right amount of movement to them. 
I received these earrings today and am delighted with them.  I read the reviews carefully, so I knew the actual size of this item, and the only surprise was how exquisite these little earrings are.  The presentation (bag and box) is beautiful -- looks like materials you would be given in a traditional jewelry store.  I've posted a couple photos in customer images so you can better visualize the size and see what the earrings are housed in
Paid $45 for these and worth every penny.  They are delicate, the color is brilliant, the stones are very clear.  I wore them to work as soon as I got them and received more than a few compliments on them.  They would make a wonderful gift for someone, and even better for yourself
they are beautiful and delicate. i just love the way they sparkle. thanks, amazon
I ordered a pair for myself and liked them. Stones are pretty clear n cute but earrings are smaller than shown in the picture.
I got these earrings for my wedding in June.  They are beautiful and look better than pictured. They arrived well ahead of the scheduled ship date and I am very happy with them.
Another nice, inexpensive tool that makes tedious work go much faster and easier
The bracelet didn't look as I expected from looking at the picture, but is very pretty.  I didn't realize it would be so delicate-looking, because there is nothing to compare it to in the image.  It is very nice, though.  It is small/thin, the kind of thing you might wear with a dress, yet seems strong.  The metalwork seems done well and I think it's a bracelet that would be right for wearing someplace special
The watch is just as discribed.  It is heavy and large.  The person I bought it for had to get several links removed.  It would be great for a larger man
It's a fantastic watch. A little heavy and bit of work is required to adjust the band. Overall the nice blue background stands out quite nicely. It's on the money with keeping time too
She loves the cross, I thought it was a little bigger than it was but she loved it as it was. 
I ordered this as a gift for my niece's birthday and after receiving it wanted to keep it for myself!  It's very delicate and dainty; however, the chain and the cross actually looked like they were very sturdy
My daughter loved it. The chain needs to be 2 inches longer
I bought this for my sister for Christmas.  I have a similar one that is bigger, that I bought while in Charleston, SC.  She fell in love with mine, and since driving 4 hours just to buy a necklace was out of the question, I decided on this one.  At first, when it arrived, I thought it would be too small, but my sister does not wear large neclaces, earrings, etc... Turns out she loved it.  It was just perfect for her, especially since her neck is thin and her complexion is olive
The 18" description is for the necklace on it's longest extended setting.  Without using the extended part of the chain it is really closer to being child sized.  It is pretty and will end up being a gift for my daughter rather than the friend I had intended to give it to
I bought this for a 2006 Christmas gift and I am very pleased.  I know my daughter will be, too.  It comes in a pretty purple velvet bag, a nice box with cotton and includes instructions on how to keep it nice.  I got it at a great discount at one of the Friday Sales
I am 89 years old and i LOVE this necklace! whoever said old ladies can not wear fashion things are nuts! i wear this with everything......... from my Fridayy night BINGO nights to clubing in L.A with lindsey and pari
I received this pair of hoop earrings as a Christmas gift from my boyfriend.  When I first open the box, I thought they were earrings for an infant.  The earrings are very very small; however, they are cute.  As I started wearing the earrings, I began to really like them.  They are the smallest pair of earrings in my possession.  If you really like dainty jewelry, I highly recommend this item
I received this watch yesterday and would like to counter some comments in other reviews. The watch I received has no scratches on the crystal. It was packaged nicely. It does not seem too thick. It does not appear cheap or lightweight. Although the back plate and two buttons are plastic, the rest of the watch is sturdy metal, and it feels solid. The wristband is just the right size for me, although I do have a gorilla wrist. I didn't find the manual difficult to understand. The watch attempted to auto-sync overnight, but didn't get a signal, so I manually sync'ed it the next day according to the instructions with no problem. Easy-to-read dial, low price (about $35), overall a great atomic watch worth twice what I paid
Nice watch that keeps super accurate time. However, it is very basic showing only the time and date. It would be nice if it had backlighting, but the hands do glow in the dark for some period of time. It is a little tricky to pick up the time signal so I would recommend finding a place in your home where the signal is strong and leave it there every night.
This is so very handy.  You can adjust your own instead of dropping it off at a jeweler and waiting for it
I ordered these earrings a little over two months ago and I am very happy with them. They are very light weight and they do not pull on your ears. The size is perfect; very "in" right now. You do have to pull on the stem pretty hard to get them off because the clasp is very tight. However, so far, so good. They have not broken and the clasp has not become loose or anything. I even accidentally left them in a pocket once and they were put through the washing machine. They were completely fine afterward. I do wish the earrings had been about $20 less expensive. But, overall I love my earrings
I have had this watch for more than 5 years, and wear it daily. I purchased it in Cayman Is, and I think I paid a lot more than the Amazon price.
I love the Eco-Drive, as it never needs attention. About a year ago, the Eco-Drive mechanism went bad, and I sent it to Citizen. They replaced the mechanism for free, saying it was their issue. Kudos to them on that.
I have been able to scratch the crystal, but only after heavy abuse :) The number band around the outside still turns as well as the day I bought it. The numbers on the metallic band around the face have never worn off, but the outside of the band has a nice smooth edge to it now. 
The lettering wore off the band after about a year, so if you plan to use the dive table that is on the band, don't wear it daily. Else, be smart and carry your own dive table on the old plastic card or on your dive computer. 
The band has now finally worn out after 5 years (which is how I ended up here). The two small strap holders just broke off in the past 2 weeks (they wore through), and the band is cracking but only in the holes (still holds just fine). 
I would buy this watch again, and obviously recommend it.
I have owned this watch for almost 4 years now with absolutely no complaints.  After going through several cheaper watches to wear at work and on a casual basis I decided to spend a few extra bucks to see if I could get more wear out of one and I am sold on this one.  I work in a facility that deals with chemicals that are hard on watches and I also work with mechanical equipment that is hard on crystals and this watch has held up in my working environment quite well. Because I am not a diver, I am not sure that this is a good diving watch but I do fish and play in the Atlantic and this watch has held up through use in the sand and salt with very little care given to it.  I am still on my first band and battery and the watch still keeps accurate time.  The band is starting to crack a bit but, after what I've put this watch through, I am surprised it has held up this long.  The crystal is a tad bit scratched but the other watches that I have had would have blown apart or would at least be cloudy from the blows that it's taken
The first watch had a broken crown the date could not be changed.To amazons credit,they sent me a new one right away.This watch is fine.I needed a rubber band because I am in water a great deal of the time at workand I live near the ocean.I am always in the water with my children.So far the watch is great and has held up to expectations.No problems except when the first one was shipped broken.I would buy it again
I love the look of this watch!  I have enjoyed it for almost two weeks now and it has kept perfect time to date.
Originally I was attracted to the Seiko SKX173 which I came across first.  However I was concerned that the physical size of the Seiko might be too large for my wrist plus reviews indicated its automatic/mechanical movement might not be as accurate as I wanted. 
Later I found this Citizen watch which looks virtually identical, yet it is smaller (diameter 38mm vs 43, height 10.5mm vs 13.5), and has a more accurate battery-driven quartz movement.
It also has a longer warranty (5 years vs 3) which probably indicates that the movement is more likely to be trouble-free than the self-winding Seiko.
The only negative I have encountered is that it (as well as the Seiko) come with a fairly bulky rubber strap.  While this is more comfortable than I expected, it does tend to interfere somewhat with the drape of the cuff when wearing a long sleeve shirt.
I wanted to buy a claddagh ring for my son - and came upon this ring.  When it arrived, I really was in awe of just how beautiful it is!  It is a larger, more bold ring - definitely more masculine.  This is a gorgeous gift for someone looking to buy a quality piece of jewelry for someone they love.
It's too bad that the ring will eventually be outgrown because my boy is only 12. Hopefully I can have it resized later or find another one that is this nice
I love these earrings!  They are simple yet elegant.  What's really great about them is that for a change I can wear long earrings without feeling that my ear is being pulled to the ground!!
this pendant makes for a really nice accessory. it doesn't however come with a chain, so plan on buying one or using an old one
Just as my title states- this item was purchased as a gift.  My friend loves the pendant, but upon arrival it had a small scratch on the body of the horse
Fast and easy ordering,  Received frequent order status updates.  Received order as expected (fast
My fiance is a horse finatic.  I bought pendant as a present for her.  When I received it, I was impressed with the detail.  It is lovely and shines as only silver does, and I know I'll get big-time brownie points when she opens it on X-mas.  Also a great stocking-stuffer
this was a great watch, excellent service.  The order arrived on time and I love the watch
I bought this as a gift for my husband. He absolutely loves it! This is a great watch at a great price
Sounds a little strange, but I needed another digital watch just to have a hourly chime, so that I could do hourly "reality checks" that make it possible for you to have lucid dreams. Ok, nevermind. Check out Stephen Laberge's books for more on that.
I've had it for only a couple of weeks - bought it at a certain nationwide store that has a crosshair symbol as the emblem -  and then accidentally saw this page on Amazon, so I thought I'd review it.  
It's very comfortable as another review said. 
It looks great.  At first, I was a little self conscious about wearing this big thing when I first got it home and tried it on, but come to think of it, it's not that much bigger than my Seiko diver's
I'd highly recommend it. Defintely happy with it, even though I won't be using most of the many features on it
I had an old Ironman that died after 4 years.  This one is even better.
d
It is heavy duty, and it is easy to read with big lettering and it will fit people with a large wrist such as mine
My boyfriend found this watch at a retail store & put it on his Christmas list.  I purchased it at Amazon at a much better price.  This was a replacement watch for an old Timex watch.  My boyfriend says he loves this watch - no complaints at all.  He says the buttons are easier to push than those on his old watch & he especially likes the large, easy to read display. 
Great watch...bigger numbers and easier to see. has all the features
Excellent watch at a great price.  The teal color is absolutely beautiful and I love the style.  I have several Fossil watches and no complaints.  They are easily adjustable, water resisant, and polish up nicely to look like new again
Amazon shipped the watch very quickly, it arrived two days before they said it would and I was very happy with the weight and styling of the watch.  "A good purchase" I think to myself.  The only piece of styling I was not happy about was the large magnifier above the date on the watch, which is not visible on the amazon photos. When I pulled out the crown to set the time and date I got that sinking feeling that something wasnt right, and that feeling was followed by the whole crown comming out of the watch.  I was able to put it back in and set the time, but setting the date was not possible.  I used Amazons online return procedure, filling out an HTML entry field box about the problem and printed out postage and a barcode to put in the box.  I took it to the post office and the shipping was free, although the post office was not able to insure the shipment which kind of worried me.  That was 4 days ago and I still havent heard anything from amazon about the return, although they did say expect 5-9 days to process returns.  I hope it all goes well and I get a replacent watch.  I did read about this same problem on other Amazon reviews for similar watches by Invicta, so it is worth looking into before purchasing. 
These are just darling. They are tiny and perfect for my 7 year olds little ears. They are shiny and nicely detailed. You won't be disappointed
I ordered these for my 18 month old daughter, and was a little nervous, I had never bought earrings on line before, I wanted something with the safety backs, but I had expereince with some backs that "screw themselves off".  I loved the butterflies and wanted to try them!  My daughter has had them in her ears for a few weeks now and we haven't had any problems!  I keep checking the backs and they are on nice and tight.  I wanted a good quality earring so she didn't have problems with infections...and we havent!  I will definately order from here again
I had purchased similar earrings elsewhere, but  had a problem because they weren't hypoallergenic. When I saw these, I got them immediately. Have had no problems since
I think know that this watch looks and feels good, it is also very reliable and tough
Sometimes, you realize you need a watch but don't want to spend a fortune, something that'll last long, is solid, yet fashionable and easy to use. This watch has it all, many times girls have stopped me to see this watch, it is sophisticated, stylish, and only $85 no matter where you go. The metal stays shiny, the glass, virtually scratch proof. Days of the week, military time, day of month (problem with this is it does not know, if month is 30 days or 31, so u have to set it yourself sometimes, but rarely, and worth the effort) I highly reccomend this watch to everyone
I bought this at a fossil store for $85, and its worth every cent. It has the time, day of week, date, and military time. Its waterproof up to 100 meters. It has a double lock to stay on your arm. It is glow in the dark. It has a spinning number thing. It looks good and is always shinny. its only 85 bucks. ITS PERFECT!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I bought this set over a year ago and I love it.  They are great for trips and everyday use.  The silver is so good and the posts never bend.  What a great value
I bought this set for my wife as a valentine's day gift. She really liked them! They are a good size and color, so they give a striking impression from a distance. The earrings come in little plastic ziplock bags all packed inside a not too special velvety bag. If you purchase this as a gift, go the extra step and get something to make a better presentation. I went to wally-world and bought a $3 wooden jewelry box, which conveniently enough had a heart-shaped decorative glass in the top. It was well received.
Great value, quality and craftsmanship; back-up with excellent service!
The stones are clear and brilliant. 
Thanks!
R. Caspers
5 out of 5 stars... 
Jewelry
I actually bought these two years ago, then again for my mother this past Christmas. We both love the sets. They're great for someone looking to start or expand their collection. The colors of the stones were very nice and equally matched. Nice size, not too small, not too big.
  This is not the first tool I'ld add to my work bench, but it has some pieces I'm glad to have.  I re-sized my watch band in just a few minutes and only had one little incident with doing something the wrong way.  Did I mention that the instructions are somewhat lacking?  In hind-sight I should have figured it out before I made the mistake, but that's hind-sight for you.  If your good with working with tools, and you have a need to adjust a watchband at least every Christmas, then this is a good deal
I don't know for whom watchebands are sized.  Perhaps the Incredible Hulk in his green phase?  All I know is I'm constantly resizing my watchband based on the band, the climate, my activities.  This procedure can be somewhat difficult with some bands.  This complete kit does the trick.  A couple of minutes and a clear spot on my desk and I'm done.  Couldn't get much simpler.  I finally got this kit after wrestling with a new Fossil band that would not cooperate.  Used this kit and the bugger was vanquished in a trice.  Wish I had it years ago
This is a great tool set. The first day I had it, we used it to take out a link from my new watch. It worked great. I'm glad I bought it. It will be a very handytool kit
Great kit for working with watches.  The tools were quite good quality, and not flimsy and cheap.  The case was also good, and thankfully wasn't just the typical throw away plastic crap.  The inside of the case is firm foam that keeps the tools nicely in place.  The case itself is firm black leather-like  material and snaps closed.  The kit contains a hammer, band holding base, and several different sized pin drivers for removing band pins.  Also includes the clamp type pin remover (the blue thing), a set of screwdrivers and a thin but sturdy wedge for removing watch backs.  All in all I'm quite pleased with the product.  It was just what I wanted and wasn't very expensive
Atomic watches are highly-accurate quartz watches which are synchronized each day with a time signal broadcast from the definitive U.S. Atomic Clock in Ft. Collins, Colorado. Thus, all atomic watches are always accurate to within a fraction of a second at any time. Since atomic watches adjust automaticaly to and from daylight saving time they are the ultimate in accurate watches. Casio makes -- and Amazon sells -- a wide selection of styles of atomic watches to suit various needs and tastes, but all are equally accurate. The Casio G-Shock series is especially rugged and the solar powered models, such as this, never require battery replacement. Atomic accurary, solar power, and G-Shock ruggedness is an appealing combination at a quite reasonable price
Keeps time very well(obviously).  No problems getting signal to sync with atomic clock.  Chrono, second time zone, all other functions work well.  Love the light function, better than any Indiglo I have owned.  Only quibble is that the alarm needs to be louder
This is the best G-Shock I have owned. It looks sleek as well as casual. I had no trouble receiving the nightly signal (I live in Northern New Jersey). The solar power is an added bonus. A really good deal for the money
I've had a couple of casio watches in the past, pathfinders to gshocks. This watch is not too big, though it has a pretty thick face, the material looks and feels pretty sturdy.
Setting of the watch is not too difficult, it's similar to other casio watches. I did not have problems getting the hands to match the digital time, it appeared to do it automatially, although i believe you have a feature to intentionally set them out of sync. Radio atomic reception is great, (Austin, Tx). The light is based of two led's on the left and right of the watch face. Although it's not as bright/easy to read as the full illuminator watches that casio/timex has, it sufficiently lights up the screen to read the time, and is quite pretty.
Pro's
-great value, for 79 usd, you get gshock, solar, atomic, metal band
-as a previous reviewer mentioned, you can remove links from the watch in about 10-15 mins with a sharp tipped knife
Con's
-A little heavy
-Digital readout is tiny but adequate (the watch can actually display the current time of day in that tiny circular lcd panel)
-No countdown timer
-Alarm is really short and pretty soft, but that seems to be the case of all casio solar watche
I'm a bit of a collector it seems (by as many watches I've accumulated and rotate out in use)... And I'd compare this watch to my others (Citizen, Seiko, Vostok, Casio) quite well.
Band is well built and easy to resize myself with the tool.  No problems with losing time (wish these things did DST themselves!!!), and date, although somewhat hard to read, does its job.
The numbers on the dial are easy to read and each one (1...12) are phospholuminescent and easy to read in the dark with normal light exposure.
The watch isn't heavy, nor is it on the light side for waches like this, and having buttons on the side has proved useful when timing things - sit-up competitions, runs, etc...
Overall very pleased
Since I had never purchased a watch by Croton, I did not know what to expect.  The watch came in 2 boxes, the first being a black cardboard box detailing the Croton brand in silver on the top center of the lid.  Inside of this box, the watch itself is encased in a nice padded black leather case with the Croton name embossed on the top center of the lid.  On the inside of the lid, there is a "pocket" that stores the instruction guide and a warranty card, which is neatly concealed behind a black piece of material with the Croton logo in silver text.  Needless to say, I will feel good presenting this gift to my boyfriend.
The watch itself has substance to it.  The shape of the watch face is unique as it looks like a more rounded rectangle. The face is blue, and what is nice is that there is a bit of light texturing on the face.  The blue color seems to change from dark to lighter depending on the lighting in the room.  The numbers are clearly visible, but the date is a bit on the small side, but not terrible.  When I took the watch out of the case, I noticed that it was not running and at first, I feared that the watch battery was dead.  This was not the case however, I found that the watch pin on the side was pulled out, which had stopped the watch.  I am not sure why this was done, perhaps it is done to conserve the watch battery?  
The back of the watch has the Croton name etched into the center and underneath, it states that it has a sapphire crystal, Japanese quartz movement and the water resistant details. As for the bracelet, it does not seem to be as heavy as I thought it would be, but I will have a better idea after my boyfriend tries it on.  However, I am expecting that he will need to get the watch sized to fit his wrist, but this not at all surprises me as this has been common practice with many of his watches.  As other reviews mention, the instruction booklet is not for this specific watch and is not so helpful.  
All in all, I think this is a nice watch.  Its design is simple, yet elegant.  I think it will be a good business casual watch, as it can be dressed up for the office, yet be worn after hours and on weekends.  Another nice feature is the fact that it is water resistan
I just received this watch and I have to say it's very sharp looking not to mention has some weight to it. This is not a flimsy watch by any means. It's all stainless steel and the clasp is the easiest I have ever had to negotiate of all the watches I have gone through over the years. It's very secure lock yet simple to unclasp. I would recommend this watch to anyone. Also, it's dressy and casual ~ all purpose watch
i got this for christmas and it is BEAUTiFUL!. i got compliments from all of my friends. the chain is very sturdy also. you should buy this for yourself or anyone. it's a GREAT gift
the pendant was beautiful and was loved by the person I gave it to
This is a truly unique and beautiful necklace!  I enjoy wearing it.  It is as good as the picture shows
I got this for my mother at Christmas and she loved it. You can't help but notice the pendant when she has it on - Very beautiful design, sleek and stylish.  She gets compliments everytime she wears it. Even though this was just an extra gift I think it turned out to be one of her favorite things
I love this pendant. Very shiny and substantial - the back looks as good as the front.  I also wear this on a black leather cord (16") and it gives it a whole new look.  Great buy
The service was prompt and the product was in great condition.
Thanks!
R. Caspers
5 out of 5 stars...
....will be given away as a gift. I am pleased. I hope the receiver will be.
I like the chain which I believe can worn separately or with another item
An absolutely beautiful medallion, and for the price a no-brainer!  My wife loved it
This item arrived in a timely manner, extremely well-packaged and exactly as advertised. A+++
I ordered this watch for my husband.  He absolutely loved it!  The
watch band is designed narrower at the point where it connects with the watch.  My Husband especially like that design because he says he can wear it for extended periods without the band pinching or rubbing his wrist.  I was unsure what the quality would be because of the low price, however the watch was an excellent quality product. tmccann, F
This is my 2nd one. That's just because I dropped the other one on my hard tile a few too many times and was tired of sending it in to get fixed.(it was just the watch face that broke, the watch kept on ticking) All you have to do is read the simple directions on entering your age, weight, sex and hit start during your work out. When you're done you can see your average heart rate during your workout, the length of your workout and the calories burned. There are many other things you can do with it such as set an alarm if your heart rate gets too high/too low, set an alarm to wake you up from your power nap, do lap times, etc
Silver Insanity does it again, bringing high quality, unique jewellery to the masses at affordable prices. This necklace is so gorgeous one has to see it up close to fully appreciate it. It is so detailed, even the tiny thorns are so delicate and perfectly placed. This is such a beautiful piece of jewellery that no woman should be without. This Valentine's Day (or anniversary or birthday) instead of buying your woman chocolates that she doesn't need or flowers that will die after a few days, buy her a gorgeous, unique rose that will last forever
I think the necklace is beautiful, it's exactly what I expected. I really love it!
THe charm is gorgeous... Any mother would love it from their husband or children. But okay if you are buying this necklace for a mother under the age of 30 they will be okay with the length of the chain, if you are buying the chain especially for a woman who is over the age of 40 they might be bothered by the short chain.. or if they have a large neck not saying my mother has a large neck she just has three surgery scars that the short rubbing chain bothers
I was pleasantly surprised with the high-0quality of the merchandise.  My mother-in-law loved it
its a nice necklace for your mom. no matter the age im sure she'll appreciate it. i was not quite sure what to expect but i was unexpectedly surprised that  it is really pretty and lustrous. i guarantee that you will be pleased and your mom will love it
I bought this for my boyfriend as a birthday gift, and had it engraved at THings Remembered - it looks REALLY nice and very chic with the engraving.  he loves it and it has come in a lot of use.  the only bad things are 1.the rectangular hole on one side (the side not shown) and 2. the shiny side will obviously get some scratches on i
  These watches are just what my little boy was looking for since his identical watch broke. He was so happy I not only found 1, but 6 for the price of one. These are nice for a child who is just learning to tell time
They're cool. some break to easily but others dont. It does not feel like you are wearing a watch and they are very small its just like I said they break easily but I would give it 4
The earrings are lovely especially given the bargain price.  They came in a nice box too, so if you want to give them as a gift they make a nice presentation.  Overall, couldn't beat this deal
Great Quality, well made and best results with Amazon....Thanks and FIVE STARS....Brav
These earrings are beautiful.  They are big, so they look best if worn by themselves.  Very light so they are very comfortable
Ever notice how hard it is to find a watch that really fits the arm of your 6-year-old? Not any more. This not only gave my kids a watch that actually fits, it was fun for them to assemble them, and they are still mixing up the colors of the bands. You can simply add or subtract links to get the perfect fit. The different links provided means if it breaks, there's plenty of spares. There's no spare clasp pieces, so if they break the clasp, they're done, but the clasps are quite sturdy, the kids have broken a couple of links without breaking the clasps already. They have learned to be aware of the watch on their wrist, so they haven't broken any more links since the first few days (and there's twice as many links as what we need). 
Overall, this was a great product that my kids enjoy.
My 3 year old son loves this watch.  You can change all of the pieces of the band to different colors and different sizes.  It clicks on easily and doesn't come off -- even on a child's arm.  I am very happy with this watch
If your little guy or gal is struggling with telling time and is a Lego fan this is the best deal money can buy. Under $20 and is expandable etc. Probably not the most durable diver type watch you'll ever buy but it is really good looking, easy to assemble (it's a Lego) and all the kids think it's neat to boot
Original concept, it generates imagination through the different colors and designs the child can create. And is a reliable watch too! All that for an afordable price
His wrist was too small for mens, too masculine for a womans watch but way too grown up for those babyish kiddie watches.  This IS the perfect accessory for all of your LEGO maniacs! Fun to re-design as well
These watches are awesome.  My two sons, ages 6 and 8 are crazy about them.   They get to customize it to their own likings which makes it easy to tell their watches apart.  When they get tired of it being the same way they just change the Lego pieces around (which helps them in patterning skills and math) and they have a different watch.  My 8 year old had no issue changing his around but the 6 year old might have touble with this since the peices are tiny and snap tightly in to place (that's what Mom's are for).  This is a great beginner's watch but also large enough for older users.  I wore it and thought it was great as well.  It was very fun to wear, everytime I looked down at it I smiled.  In the day and age of digital mania, it is nice to have something so fun for the children to be able to tell "regular" time.  The price was very reasonable especially when the chances of it being lost are very great.  I highly recommend this watch.  I wish they had girl colors
I purchased this watch for my 7 year old son. It is a eye catching and because it's Lego, it was an instant hit. It has numbers on the face (not Roman numerals or lines) which is important when they are beginning to tell time. The price is fair. The only complaint he has is that it is very difficult to put on and because the band is plastic...it gets a bit sweaty.  All in all it's a fun, "Cool!" watch. 
The keyring is very nice.  I had no idea just how light titanium is.  The caps screw on and while the engineering and tolerances are quite tight, it's easy to see the caps coming unscrewed, making the ring kinda useless.  Definately advised to crank the caps on very tightly after putting your keys on it.
Additinally, the metal is quite plyable and i've had to stop myself many times from bending the ring while fidgiting with my keys.
i must say i was hesitant to buy after reading the reviews, but they are for my two year old, so i figured they really couldn't be too small. and they are not. i also purchased other earring from some other vender for a lot more $, and guess what, the quality of theese is soooo much better. all in all, yes they are tiny, but very cute and don't lack detail! will buy again
The shape of this pendant is very flattering (elongated, draws the eye downward).  It looks great with the "Windows" hoops I purchased at the same time.  The chain is nice, and as with all Zina sterling - the silver is very polished and beautiful
I wear it almost everyday and it's a lot of fun to change out the wrist band
I bought this watch for my 5 yr old and though it works just fine, the watchband is WAY too big for him.  Fortunately, I am handy with a sewing machine and was able to take a pinch in the band, but it makes it bulky and uncomfortable.  Therefore, he only wears it in bed so that he can play with the indiglo feature in the dark.  As soon as he gets up in the morning, though, he takes it off.  
I just bought this ring. It is really beautiful. It is a litttle bigger than i thought it would be but it fits good and was shipped quickly. It was a really good buy.
Pretty pendant for the price.  The chain is very light but the pendant itself is nice and hangs well
This is the second item I have ordered from this company, and I am extremely pleased with the quality and value for my money. I would recommend them to anyone
These earrings are quite nice.  Yes they do look brown up to the light, but they are a definite red when backed with any type of shadow.  They can be worn to accent an elegant look, or add style to a "Friday" casual look. They may not be heirloom quality, but could last quite a long time in the modern costume jewelry category.
Fast and easy ordering, Received frequent order status updates. Received order as expected (fast).  I love these earrings.  I have worn at least one day a week since I receive
i love puzzle rings.  in england it's real difficult to find them
i love the jewellery on amazo
I bought this as a present for my daughter. I was very pleased with the quality and the finish of the ring. (If anyone wants additional instructions about how to put it together, check wikipedia. I believe there is even a video.) I highly recommend this ring for people who enjoy sterling silver, symbolism, and something just a little bit different
Nice ring, fast delivery.  I still need to check it out, because my daughter says it doesn't completely "break down" the way my old puzzle ring did
This watch is a delightful present; Amazon did a great job in delivering it on time and in excellent condition and as stated in the previous review it does look better than even on the picture! Keep up the fantastic work Amazon, you guys are a great, realiable, trustworthy source to send out gifts to loved ones in the US ordered from outside the US. [...
This is a very nice watch. The pink mother-of-pearl face is lovely to look at and the leather strap is very soft. The date is a little small but the watch is so nice that I didn't even care. The only complaint I have is that Amazon sent me this watch with a dead battery inside. I had to get a new battery on my own, but as soon as I told Amazon, they credited me the $10. That was great, but they should have sent me a watch in working condition. Otherwise, the watch is highly recommended. Even nicer than in the photo
I like the stop watch functions that this watch has.  I also like the seperate dials for the different timekeeping functions.  Unfortunately, this watch is hard to read in bright light. Such as sunlight and well lit spaces.  Overall though, I like this watch because it looks good.  Well, it looks good on me anyway
It's great looking, the crystal positively gleams. Folks comment on it all the time. I love this watch so much that I've bought it twice (lost it and simply had to replace it)
Great value, looks and performes great!!!!!!   Has a lot of class, and goes great with any type of apparel. Only down fall, occurs when placing the alarm, it's kind off complex.
I have owned this watch for over a month now and I can note the following:
The watch has a diameter of approximately 40mm and is around 10mm thick. Both these number seem average and it looks good on an average size wrist.
The watch is a bit heavy, but sits comfortably on the wrist. The bracelet rarely pulls the hair, although I have plenty of it.
The watch is easy to accumulate scratches, but not on the glass. I have scratched the steel around the glass (as well as other places), but the sapphire resists remarkably.
The time keeping is very accurate, compared to the atomic clock on the web. After a month it has advanced less than half a second ahead, which will result in a six second difference at most per year. I guess results may vary between different watches, but it seems nevertheless impressive and trustworthy enough.
The timer is very easy to start, stop and reset, with one button pushes. Very fast and convenient.
The alarm can barely be heard, so is not appropriate for waking. It is useful though for reminders, in a noise free location. Not difficult to set, but takes some time, comparable with setting an alarm on a cell phone. Since it is relative to the secondary time keeping mechanism, you can have a second time zone set and advance the alarm relative to that.
This watch does not seem to attract special attention to it and has not gained any comments so far, without me bringing it in a conversation. Is pretty conservative, but I personally like that.
The price of this watch in amazon seems to fluctuate between 100 and 140 dollars. If the price is higher than 130, I would wait a tad, but not hold my breath too long. It is definately worth the money though, since i have seen several Seiko watches like this one enter their 20 or 30 years of age and still continue strong. For a dependable, accurate, water proof watch for every occasion, most probably you cannot do better than this
i ordered 2 watches,one for each grandaughter.one arrived with dead battery,had it replaced and both are working well.they where well received by the granddaughter
Got this today, and can't stop looking at it.  It's beautiful.  All who have seen it want one.  I cant wait to try more of their jewelry
I actually bought 2 different pair of diamond ear rings. The 14k gold ones were the keepers! They are pretty and big enough to use as a second pair in my ears! Thanks to Amazon for this offering
I bought these for my wife, and she really likes them.  They're small enough that she can wear them day-to-day, but they're nice enough for formal occasions as well.  This is a very versatile set of earrings at a great price
I couldn't belive my eyes when I saw diamond earrings with such an affordable price! I definitely think that selecting white gold is the way to go because it won't distract from the mesmerizing glamour of the diamonds. All my friends were wowed and shared that they will also consdier buying a pair. I am so happy.
These earrings are very small, maybe somewhere between 3 and 4mm each. They do appear white, (I don't see any yellow tinting)  with a slight, slight bit of grey, which I prefer over a super white look (as you might sometimes find in a cz). These earrings catch the light nicely, showing a bit of rainbow effect. They aren't super, super sparkly or faceted, but they do possess shine and detail. I am very happy with these earrings as they are just what I wanted: something petite and real, set in yellow gold, and with a nice, clean and "believably" sparkly look! I also like the fit of the earrings backs, very tight and secure.
I really like it it's an excellent watch and also a very elegant one
I bought these for my wife and she liked them very much.  7mm is not as small as you may think.  I certainly wouldn't buy anything larger in this style.  I got them on sale for $15.00, can't go wrong with that price for 14K gold
I bought these earrings as a Christmas gift for my wife and they look great.  My wife has long dark hair and the 7mm size really stands out.  They came in a dark blue velvet jewel/ring box which comes in another dark blue box.  My wife really loves them so that's a bonus for me.  They are a nice little something for yourself or as a gift
BELLISIMOS LOS ZARCILLOS , LOS USO MUY A MENUDO Y EL TIEMPO EN QUE HICE LA ORDEN FUE BIEN RAPIDA SU ENTREGA, SU TAMA�O REAL CONCUERDA CON LAS MEDIDAS QUE OFRECEN 
These earrings just arrived, and for $10 (Friday sale), you cannot beat this value.  Luckily I bought two pair, one as a gift, and one for me, on the off chance I liked them.  Otherwise, I thought, I could hold the second pair for one of my granddaughters.  No way; the second pair is mine
The box is soft, and very durable. But it is a bit big.
This heart box is great for your skagen or other brand watches or you can use it as a jewlery box for your bracelets.  The box makes a v-day or anniversary gift even more special.  Your loved ones will appreciate the box as a sentimental reminder of the special gift.  The watch pillow is plush, padded box top, and outside & inside box is lined with velvet
I am not the type of person that wears JEWELRY, but when I went shoping for a watch, because I needed one, one brand caught my eye...Fossil. Everyone knows Fossil, so, Everyone knows that they make good watches. I like this watch because of the color and because it has the day # on the face. It is like your everyday watch, but with that BLING look. VERY COOL and VERY JAMES BOND. If you know what I mean. I plan to wear this watch everywhere I go. You should get this one not only because it looks cool but because of the price. You know that $$$ makes up your mind for you
I bought this along with the butterfly pendant and 18" chain for a Christmas gift (06) for my god-daughter and she loves them both.  I loved the price!  The earrings are a perfect fit with the necklace.  She says she only wears them to church and special occasions.  A great gift for teenage girls
I'm very pleased with these earrings. They are a good weight...they aren't so heavy that they drag at the ear, but they are substantial and a perfect size. I'd recommend these to earring lovers
These earrings are beautifully made, look great when put on, and come at a great price.  All these ingredients make a stunning value.  I am a very pleased customer. 
I had these on my wish list and decided to order them for myself after Christmas, after looking in stores and not finding anything that looked quite the same!  They just arrived and all I can say is WOW!  Nice look, substantial size and plenty of "statement".  Picture does not do them justice.  All I can say is don't hesitate, you will be dissappointed if they sell out
How can you go wrong with these two-tone hoops?  They are stylish and substantial, and perfect for both white and yellow gold lovers.  Highly recommended, for yourself or as a gift
My 26 yr old son got this for his birthday. He loved it and wears at always
I bought this as a Christmas gift (06) for my god-daughter Michelle.  She absolutely adored it.  She told me she only wears it to church and special occasions.  I loved the price
This is a great choice for a business casual style watch. With it's crystal clear face and smooth shape, it complements most business attire nicely. The adjustment button doesn't get pulled easily, so there is less chance of accidental time loss. After several weeks of wear, still no scratches on the watchface, and the metal remains untarnished. I still get questions about it. Definitely an eye-catcher
This watch was a very good buy..for $ 45..looks like a nice 85-90$ fossil watch..the dial looks very elegant..with those numbers..
Overall..I am very happy with this buy
Great watch, looks very similar to a movado but worth the price. Sharp look and perfect for any occasion
The watch I purchased was great and a lifesaver because I couldn't find it in any stores and needed it as a gift for the best man at my wedding.  It got to me quickly and was perfect. Thanks
The watch itself looks preety elegant. However the bracelet is a bit too rigid and it cand be very unconfortable until you get used to it.
I don't regret buying it. It's worth the money
is a nice clock,some people tall to me about the clock,the people say"is nice the clock"
Got this watch for my one son for christmas, but ended up going to the other son,, since his arm is on the small size, and this is a pretty good size watch. IT is beautiful and well described. Arrived in perfect condition and had no problem requesting extra links using the fossil toll free # and then the local store that sells fossils put the links in for me. I went with a small dress watch for the other son.. everyone was happy
greetings exelente product and magnifies attention from the store thanks kindly domenico pascarell
Got this ring last Christmas for my wife. It still looks very nice and looks more expensive than it is. She gets lots of compliments on it when she wears it
I am very impressed with the detail work on this ring. It is really eye catching and quite lovely.   The shipment arrived very quickly.  The stone is a true emerald shade of green and the cut is nice, but the clarity of the stone could be a little better. However, for the price,  it is an excellent ring and I would gladly give it as a gift
This was a gift, and I was very pleased with both the quality and extremely fast shipping. I will definitely purchased from this seller again
This ring is beauriful, and eye catching.  I unfortunatey wore it in a hot tub that had too much clorine in it so the shinyness of the metal faded, and despite that the ring remains beautiful
I was searching the web for weeks... I saw thousands of watches... and I didn't like them. When I saw THIS watch... that was IT - one of the most beautiful watches in the world.
I think design of this watch is superb - very simple, but astonishingly beautiful and original.
But there is one PROBLEM with this watch - it can be purchased only in North America. Being from Europe, I had difficulties to get it
I have thoroughly enjoyed these earrings.  Very nice size and great quality.  They are light-weight and have a great hinge.  I have a baby who sometimes grabs them, but they have yet to be bent out of shape.  I sometimes keep them in for days at a time and my sensitive ears don't ever develope a reaction
This necklace turned out to be a fantastic gift. She wears it everyday with every outfit. It looks great with jeans and a t-shirt AND with an extravagent dress.
Outstanding service - product was as described and the price was fair - mailing in a timely manner was acceptable.  Will continue to shop for similar items via Amazon
The necklace is great.  It looks great and my wife loved it.  One of the diamonds was a little gray (something stuck behind it), but after having it cleaned at a jewelers, it looks fantastic.
Great price for a great item
This is a perfect anytime gift. I bought this for my gf for xmas and she loved it. We have only been dating for 6 months i did not want to get anything that was over the top.  Perfect for any occasion. She'll love it. 
This will wow her but not worry her to think you are rushing anything 
Plus it's under 100. Can't beat the price. Thanks amazon
I really love these earrings and wear them quite a bit to spice up work clothes. 
I really like them.  They look elegent on me.  One of the most favorite parts besides the looks, that I "especially" like is that they are the french loop kind that are easy and fast to put on and that they are heavy enough that they stay in place.  This reduces the risk of losing them.  But they are also light enough that I don"t feel bogged down with them on my ears. 
Not much else o say, they look and wear awesome. The price is very good as well.  recommend these for anyone with pierced ears
Excellent quality, beautifully packaged. They were exactly as described and just what I was looking for.
Very good quality for the price.  They are simple, understated, and classic in design.  If you want flashy, however, these are not for you.  You can ignore the 1-star reviews--the 1-star rating goes to those who a) don't read the description before ordering, b) don't know what mm stands for, or c) don't have the visual-spatial skills to estimate the size of the earring in the picture by comparing the overall size to the earwire (which tends to be a fairly similar size on most earrings).  And please, if you can't tell 14k from $5.00 dimestore stuff that will likely turn your ears green, then your money is wasted here.  Go to Walmart and get yourself something big and cheap
Exactly the size I was looking for. I knew I could do better than the baby hoop earrings. Looks great
These are delicate, classic gold hoops that go with anything. I like the fact that they are unadorned and simple and small enough to be understatated but large enough to give you an elegant look. The price can't be beat, either
I am very small featured and these are the perfect size.  Light weight and very well made
These are beautiful small earrings, just what I was looking for.  They're exactly as described, 11mm inside diameter.  I used the super-saving shipping and was surprised at how quickly they arrived.  I'm very pleased with the entire transaction
The watch was delivered on time. It came with the little box; everything was in great, like new condition.
Wonderful watch, easy transaction, given as a birthday present, recipient loved that it came in a can
The best dive watch money can buy, bar none.  For $150, you are getting a product that is unparalleled in quality and performance.  It's not perfect, and at around $150 it doesn't have to be, but what you are getting for that amount is far more what I can expect in Swiss Automatics 3x this price range or more.  And don't listen to the lone naysayer out there...I'm not sure what pipe they are smoking out of, but the luminosity of this watch is legendary among watch collectors....charge it up in light for a few seconds and watch this bad boy light up like Chernobyl.  I will echo a truth a fellow collector once related to me..."Any serious watch collector should have a Black Monster in their collection." 
I have owned both the black "Monster" with bracelet ( my daily work watch )and the orange with the rubber strap ( which I sold to an envious friend ).
Besides all of the compliments that I have received from those who cant help but to notice the robust build of this model, it has also paid dividends in durability under rough service on the job. I have not been diving in many years however this is the watch that I would be most confident to wear at depth. As usual, Seiko does not disappoint
  Purchased this for my niece and she loved it.  It's a great price and bright and colorful
Great value for the price.  Better than expected in person.  Quality watch for the price.  Love this undersea face better than the other models out there.  Was happy to find out that even though the band is "kid sized", it also fits adult women's wrist.
Highly recommend.  Will probably buy one or 2 more
Although this watch (#MC0478) is labeled for kids, it is best geared for a girl 12-years or older. The timepiece portion appears to be better quality than the jelly strap, which looks very cheap. I purchased this as a gift for my 18-year old sister and went to a local jeweler to replaced the plastic band with a nice blue/green leather one. Overall my sister, who loves the Little Mermaid, is pleased with this watch. So far she hasn't reported any problems with the timepiece.
For the price, it's a good value for the timepiece, but I would recommend upgrading the band. The Little Mermaid face is the main reason I purchased this watch, but if you are looking for a good quality timepiece/band, you may consider another watch
This was a gift for my 17 year old daughter and she absolutely loves it and wears all the time!!!! I am seriously thinking of getting myself one
Very cute, price efficiant... Only problem is if the band gets wet, and you have sunscreen on, your arm will get tinted blue
Our granddaughter loves her horse necklace!  She wears it all the time and is so proud of it!  This necklace made her very happy
This is the most beautiful bracelet.  The piece is awesome.  The sentiment is so true.  I love this bracelet and decided to keep it even though I'd bought it as a gift.  The workmanship is superb.  The bracelet arrived 2 days after I placed my order in a well packaged box; the bracelet was in a white box with a gold  ribbon around it
I bought two of these faux amber necklaces and they are quite well made. The pendant is almost 2 inches in length it does look larger in the photograph but by being smaller it looks more realistic. It is actually a good weight not to heavy not to light it looks as if some effort has been put into the making of it. I think it is a good purchase for the price because it does not look cheap or tacky
I like the unique style of this necklace, and received compliments on it when I wore it to work.  The price is reasonable for the type of necklace having such unique beads
These lovely little gems are perfect for those women who, like me, have a second or third ear piercing. Small enough to be dainty but large enough to be seen without being unnecessarily ostentatious. 
These would make a great gift for a little girl as well.I particularly liked the price point where they were being offered as I suffer from a nickel allergy and always wear gold posts in my ear. Having recently transitioned from yellow to white gold these were lovely additions to my collection. At the price of under 10 dollars I was able to give them to a few others as a little hi there, how are you.
Simple and elegant earrings. My wife loves them.  However, the backs are a trifle small to work with.
BA
I got these for $9 on the Friday Sale.  They are well made and the perfect size.  You absolutely will not find a better pair for the price.  Wait for the Friday Sale if you can
This is a gift that has yet to be given.  I am confident that she will love them, though
These are basic, simple earrings of exceptional quality given the price.  You would likely pay far more for comparable items elsewhere
I am really happy with this purchase!  The earrings came together in an attractive box (perfect as a gift, but I don't want to give them away).  They are nice and large on my earlobe and look great.  They are really soft to the touch and I like the colors too. 
I got these to give to my mother-in-law. They are really lovely, not too dressy so you can wear them everyday. I'm glad I jumped on them while they were on sale, they'll be perfect for Mother's Day
Get this earring set. I got both sets, this one and the pastel set to give as gifts, the pearls are lovely, the colors are brilliant. Nice set to have or to give.
This earrings were much larger than they seemed.  They sparkle and catch the light like prisms.  They made a fabulous present
I bought thes earrings(and pendant)for myself. They are absolutely beautiful, they have so much shine and sparkle to them. Everyone keeps asking me where i got them, i'm reluctant to tell but I do. :-
I bought these as a gift for my beautiful fiance for Christmas. At first she wasn't overly impressed, but when she put them on (to humour me) she found them very pretty, and unusual. The crystals really reflect the light, and she was extremely pleased with them
I bought two pairs, one as a gift for a sister-in-law and the other pair for myself (otherwise I would regret it!) Now my sister keeps complementing how beautuiful the earrings are- I bought another pair as a gift for her! The earrings are absolutely beautiful, the colors that reflect in the light are truly gorgeous. I recommend these for anyone that loves Swarovski crystal
The necklace is lovely.  It arrived soon after purchase in a handsome velvet case.  Quite a bargain
The service was prompt and the product was in great condition.
Thanks!
R. Caspers
5 out of 5 stars...
Got several silver peices, but this is the one she loves!  th
I love this piece!! It is a beautiful quality and design....It is lightweight and will look good with anything you wear.
Just received the necklace today and I am MORE than happy with it.  It arrived quickly and the packaging is fantastic!  It came in a little blue box and in a blue velvet bag...very nice 
The necklace is good quaility and has a great shine to it.  I might just have to order one for myself after xmas...this one is a present
Equal to my Swiss watches. Fit and finish is very nice. Only two seconds off per day. The luminessence is incredable. Reason not giving five stars
because of not having saphire crystal
I'm a regular collector of diving watches and this is one of my favorite ones.  There is something about diving watches that is really attractive though it could be subconscious and because of the fact that you can get it wet and it would still work.  This watch feels rock solid like it just came out from a huge chunk of metal.  For such a quality feel, the price is super amazing.  I would have to go for my Submariner for a similar feel and on some days, I prefer the feel of this than of my Submariner!  The luminated markers are the brightest I ever seen on any watch, diving or non-diving.  Clasp is super-awesome, better than the Submariner.  Bracelet is not as nice looking but ok.  The moveable bezel has the best click of any of the diving watches I own and this is the least expensive dive watch of all but unfortunately I paid a little too much.  The only downside and may not be for you if you don't adjust your bands, but if you do, it's a chore.  I spend hours trying to do this and was only successful after improvising as the linking system is very unusual
An excellent watch, stylish, accurate and takes a beating!   Seiko has always had a success with this one.   And, at $150, I paid half the retail price
From the moment you first hold this watch in your hand, you realize it is a quality timepiece. The first thing that strikes you is its large size and heavy feel, yet despite that, it feels comfortable on the wrist due to its fine balance. 
BRACELET: 
The bracelet end links (those that attach to the watch case) are solid rather than formed sheet metal like you will find on most other watches in this price range. The pins holding the bracelet to the watch are the sturdiest I have ever seen. Each of the bracelet's subsequent links is also made from a solid piece of steel, not folded sheet, each component being feather-edged to prevent it digging into the wrist. Its removable link pins are of an unusual machined pin and collar design which, though  fiddly to remove and replace, nevertheless ensure that the pins remain under-flush and secure when correctly installed. The bracelet is perfectly flush on the side that contacts your wrist making it feel very smooth during wear.
The clasp is very high quality, having both a fold over security buckle, which deploys with a satisfying click, and an Omega style double button catch. The security buckle closes onto a spring pin whose ends are spherical thus ensuring a tight fastening which should not wear with use. All in all these features add up to a watch that is very quiet on the wrist, the only faint sound coming from its automatic winding mechanism.
Finally the bracelet incorporates a clever hidden diver's extension (to allow the watch to be worn over a wet suit).
CASE:
The watch case, back and bezel are made from stainless steel. The case has an attractive mix of polished, brushed and machined finishes which all add to the feel of quality and function. The overall impression is that this is a precision instrument rather than a fashion piece; that's not to say though that it would look out of place with a dinner jacket any more than a wet suit.
The unidirectional bezel is of a heavily scalloped design, protected by bezel-guards which extend upwards from each of the lug pairs. The lower guard also functions as a crown guard and, all in all, the impression is of a case machined from a solid billet of  steel. The bezel sits slightly higher than the domed crystal, thus providing protection from scratching and the crystal itself is of a proprietary Seiko material "hardlex" which, as I understand it, is better at resisting scratches than mineral glass but less susceptible to shattering than sapphire.
The luminosity of this watch is astounding due partly to the use of Seiko's proprietary "lumibrite" paint but also to the large coated areas on the hour markers and hands.
The bezel only turns one way, as a safety feature for timing dives, and feels silky smooth, the best I've experienced on any Seiko or Invicta diver. It has 120 clicks per revolution and is nicely aligned with the face.
MOVEMENT:
The watch uses the 21 jewel Seiko 7S26 movement running at 21,600 bph (that's 6 ticks per second).  It is non-hacking which means that the second hand does not stop when the crown is pulled out. Although this makes it difficult to synchronize,  if a slight backward pressure is applied to the fully extended crown, it is possible to stop the second hand. The watch can not be hand wound but the self winding mechanism is very efficient and I have found that it has a power reserve of at least 24 hours. The 7S26 has been around for many years and has a reputation for ruggedness and reliability.
ACCURACY:
There are several reviews where people complain of poor accuracy. Typically, when new, automatic movements will be set to run fast at the factory because they tend to slow down after a few weeks of use. I own three watches with the 7S26 movement and after their breaking in period all are now keeping time to within 10 seconds per day.
I have a few thoughts on accuracy. You have to ask yourself how accurate does your watch need to be? If it is running 10 or 20 seconds fast per day then set it one minute slow and you will only need to re-set it once every week or two when it has advanced to one minute fast. If you need more accuracy then, unless you are willing to pay at least five times as much for a swiss watch, then buy a quartz. 
Finally, if you do a search on the Seiko Monster you'll quickly come to realize that in its various colours, these watches are firm favourites amongst those who frequent the many watch forums. I would highly recommend that you purchase one and see for yourself!
I've had a lot of watches in my life.  Some dressy, some functional, and some practically indestructible.  This watch is a combination of all these factors.  Very solid feeling (and much heavier than my titanium dive watch).  Looks great and functions well.  I also like the wetsuit link which allows a quick adjustment to fit over your wetsuit.  The orange face is very legible, and at night, the watch glows almost bright enough to read by!  The clasp is very secure, with a dual button release and an extra clasp to prevent accidental opening.  Day & date are easy to adjust and very readable (much better than my Citizen).  This is a solid performing watch and worth the  money
The watch looks great; prominent, yet not overly large.  The orange really sets off the look.  The large luminescent indexes are easy to see long after dark.  I also like having both day and date complications, and to find an automatic watch with these features for less than $300 (way less on Amazon) is really a find.  You will need a pro to adjust the bracelet, though, as each link pin is held in by two tiny bushings that are impossible to replace without the proper jeweler's tools.  Another bother is that the watch gains over a minute a day.  Overall, I really like it.  It's become my daily wear watch. 
The bracelet is a very bright and shiny, quite nice. It's alot lighter than I was expecting, I almost mistook it for plastic at first. It would make a nice gift for a young teen girl
I bought three of these for friends for Christmas and I have to say that I LOVED them.  And most of all THEY LOVED THEM.  They are gorgeous!  Just enough sparkle without being too much.  I highly recommend this if you are looking for something classy and slightly understated
My granddaughter loves this bracelet - I sent it as a surprise and she wore it to school the next day
I was a little worried that the bracelet would be too large for a 5 year old, but I got this for my daughter's birthday and it fits her perfectly.  I was also a little concerned that it might be cheap looking like other things I've bought from Amazon lately, but it's actually a very cute, well-made, cheap bracelet
Made a little girl very happy. Order processed, shipped and delivered in a timely manner. Just as expected
Good looking, stylish, smart and clean design, "handsome".
Once I was specifically looking for "animated" watches. This was one of the results. Although, given Amazon description is really lacking details. I bought it and didn't really know what are the features in general and also specifically concerning the animation. So, now I know. It has a button aside that is switching between two animation schemes. One: seconds numeric value rotates clockwise on the display; two: seconds drop down in two halfs on the display. Thats all for animation and features in general. No light, no more animations, no stoppers/timers, nothing else; just plain watch.
For me, the good looks somewhat compensates the "thing" I was originally looking for
Good tool, it does what is it meant to do, open the back of watches with ease.  Man this is so much better than scratching watchbacks with pliers. So far its been able to open all my watches with no issue
This Garinin autowinder does exactly what it is supposed to do.  Keeps both my autos running and ready for use.  It is quiet, smooth, and looks pretty good sitting atop my computer desk.  It has a variety of settings that will meet the needs of almost any auto watch on the market.  It is well built, and works as described
I have had this winder for about a month now and I am very happy with it. The major convenience is the well-engineered slots and iserts holding watches that are of a very good quality. The inserts are holding watches steadily which contributes to proper winding. All previous more expensive winders with cushion type inserts were falling out (with watches!)and eventually were rendered useless. Highly recommended unit
I have seen many other winders in the market with the same features but with much higher prices.  This winder is so quiet that I have no problem sleeping even with it on.  I highly recommend it
it exceeded my expectation. it looks great and seems quite sturdy. i bought for casual days when i am either skiing or just hanging out on a weekend. i like it
I purchased these watches for my daughters birthday party and they were a big hit - all the kids just loved them!!
Once I got the hang of it it worked like a charm. I needed to mount a magnifying glass to the table so I could see for perfect alignment. If not perfectly aligned you break pins.  Now that I got the hang of it I have one pin left I keep e-maling seller to buy more pins but seller won't answer. Does anyone know where to get more pins? I would buy another unit but seller went to the bank on shipping charges
I have several Fossil watches, and every time I needed to adjust the band, it cost me around $10 - $15. I found this tool and figured it was worth a try. I was able to remove links from 2 of my Fossil watches, though my newest Fossil watch band was too wide to easily fit in the tool. 
 I even used it to adjust watches for 2 of my friends.It worked well, made the adjustments and they were very happy with it! they plan to buy it for themselves!
 you do have to make sure the pin lines up correctly with the pin, but beyond that, it works like a dream
wind the pin in ever so slowly and watch if you aren't going into the hole. the smallest inaccuracy can cause the pin to bend. I straighted mine out and go the pin hole next try and it worked a dream.
Also good lighting is a must
Use care when you use it as it can be easy to break pins, but it works just like it should and it's easier and cheaper than going to a watch store
Small illustrated manual makes it easy to figure out how to use.  With a steady hand and some patience I was able to re-size a couple of my watches.  It was really handy
I got this yesterday from my boyfriend and I love it. It's very pretty and I was extremely happy to unwrap it. =
I was expecting this watch to be a little more chunky than it is.  It is a little smaller than I pictured, but it is a nice, non flashy watch.  I haven't received any compliments on it after wearing it for a few weeks, so if you are looking for a subtle, but cute watch, this is for you.  BUt if you want a watch that makes a statment and that people will notice, I'd look elsewhere
I love the jewel jet because it is exactly what my jeweler uses except now I can clean my diamond at home when I want.It is easy to use. Just follow the directions
This is a great product if you have LOTS of jewelry. This cleans everything perfectly, no more harsh chemicals. Very fast and sufficient. Certainly worth the money
I ordered my unit directly from Jewel Jet. Aside from receiving the unit in a box that was severely damaged as it was drop shipped in its own box,  I have no complaints with it working as advertised. The unit is quite large so you may not want to leave on the counter but the results are SPECTACULAR. It definitely out cleans my Sonic Cleaner.  I have not been able to see a difference between this and the results after I get my jewelry steamed at a large retailer like Fortunoff. I first used it on a G Color VS stones, but it has caused me to start pulling out pieces of lesser quality that I have not worn in ages to give them a revitalizing breath of "fresh steam" and I still label the results as SPECTACULAR. I love that I am achieivng these great results with just adding tap water. With my own experimenting, I honestly couldn't tell a difference when using after precleaning pieces in a detergent solution as a competing model - that uses BOTH detergent and distilled water - claims
The steamer works very, very well. Sure beats paying for, or even just the hassle of taking your stuff to the jeweler and wondering if you got back what you took in. Great gadget
I purchased this version of the Ironman Triathlon 30-Lap for my two pre-teen boys.  They love it!  Very durable...easy to use...lightweight.  Can't beat the value either.
I own the larger men's version of this watch.  I'm on my second one though.  The first one lasted about a year before it developed condensation under the glass, then stopped working.  I surf 3-4 times per week and I wasn't rinsing the watch well with fresh water.  I'm guessing that the salt deposits compromised the seal on the watch.
I've had my second one for over a year now and it's like new!  I highly recommend this watch if you're very active and want a good lightweight watch that's waterproof
I have owned several Ironman over the last 30 years or so and I have been pleased.  However, my last Timex watch had a twist of the dial control function and was a great disappointment as the dial became difficult to twist and finally the watch stopped working after only six months.  I was very disappointed in Timex and almost didn't buy this one.  This watch is the traditional men's Ironman, but smaller than I had purchased before and it fits nicely on my large wrist with plenty of band length. I have owned the new watch for three months with fairly rugged use and it functions great with easy to operate controls and it is very readable.  My wife and adult children tell me that it looks like a women's watch but I think they are used to oversized wathes that have been in style and I assure them that I am on the cutting edge of a new trend towards smaller (and more reasonally sized) wrist watches for men.  I am happy to say, that once again, I am very pleased with Timex.   
These are VERY comfortable earrings. I even sleep in them.  The hoops go with everything and I very seldom wear other earrings now. 
These earrings are a good size but still very light.  It is a little tricky to learn how to fasten them, but once hooked they stay safely closed all day.  The clasp sytem does not show once the earrings are on - so this is a very clean and classic look.  I have long hair and the clasp does not tangle in my hair
I loved the earrings, but unfortunatly one of them was faulty and had to send it back.  The package was lost in the transition but Amazon gave me a full refund and was very helpful.  The earrings were beautiful and of good quality
A quality earring, good size and very bright. The are also very secure.
I got this as agift in she likesd it very much
I had no trouble with and delay and the pendant looks great, which was a gift for my sister and she loved it
This is a very nice piece... I've been looking for a key pendant for a while now... But all the ones I've seen have been very feminine.  And this one, while slightly satanic... Fits nicely to the meaning I wanted, without making me feel like a fairy princess.  
Shipping even got here early...!
My only problem with it is having to pull out the pliers to get it to fit on a different neck piece from the same seller.  4/5
I came in a timely manner and was exactly what I expected.  The person that received it loved it
I bought this to save for a Christmas gift.It is a very nice looking piece of jewelry
Silver Insanity has the best accessories!!! I saw the image of the ring on Amazon and immediately fell in love. I love rings that covers your proximal phalanx (the bone in your finger closest to your hand). When I received the ring, (earlier than counted upon), I was a little disappointed to see how little it looked and how dainty but that was before I tried it on. I was expecting the ring to be bulky and glad it wasn't. The fingers surrounding it wasn't bothered or irritated thx to the rings slimness. I recommend using the ring size chart b/c I had thought I'd be a 6; turns out, I'm a 7. What was misleading, though, is the picture. The leaves are shown bright, but it looks noticably darker (inside the outer rimming of the leaf, to where the gems are) when you have it in your hands. My fingers are long and slender. The ring didn't twist or turn about, but it didn't cover my proximal phalanx completely. I'll measure... from the end of the bottom leave to the end of the top, it's about 3.3cm. My middle proximal phalanx (the bone in your middle finger closest to your hand) is about 3.8cm. And if you should run your fingers through your hair, the leaves will not get entangled! Nice!
You can wear the damn ring everywhere!!! I love it
As other reviewers have stated - this watch is large and it's heavy. I think it would look best on a larger person with big wrists or arms.  The night light is cool and effective.
Perfect watch, just as I expected.  Lokks great both casual and semi formal
Happy with the purchase, the watch was what I expected.  Casual enough to wear to work or for a night ou on the town.
Classy look and very durable. Very nice watch for the price. I bought mine at a discount store and paid about $6 more for it. I like it, despite its 10mm thickness. Not that heavy if you're like me, 6'2" and 250lbs. It's a man's watch, practical yet with some style while not being trendy. I haven't had any problems with it so far, despite having dropped it twice and worn it outside while working and getting it soaked with sweat multiple times. I don't find it uncomfortable at all and I forget I am wearing it. (I suggest taking it off, the leather band doesn't clean easily like a metal band.) I'm considering buying a second one and keeping it cleaner this time. (Lesson learned.
I wanted a basic watch that would be for everyday use and liked this Timex design.  I was very pleased that it looked even nicer in person...clear face, leather band with slightly heavier stitching than some, good weight (not too heavy).  I have received a few compliments at work/co-workers were surprised at the value for the cost.  Overall, a solid Timex offering that you will enjoy if you're drawn to the style/image that appears here in the product details
I really love this watch. It looks so nice and elegant. Shipping is supper fast: only 2 days! Great deal. Many thanks
I ordered (not from Amazon) a black titanium watch with a black face and white hands (model 530LTMLB, for those of you scoring at home). After an apologetic out-of-stock phone call from the dealer, I settled on what I thought was going to be the same watch but with a white face and black hands (model 530LTMLW, for you precise types). 
What I got instead was this watch. In the photograph, it looks like dark gray matte metal with a white face. It's not: It's eggshell light gray metal with a mother-of-pearlish face.
I hadn't worn a watch in five years: after all, who needs one in the cell-phone age? (Definitive answer: anyone driving across country with a Sprint cellphone). I took my sweet time selecting a new watch, and got something completely different from what I ordered. I could easily have returned it. Before I did, I slipped in on my wrist to see what it felt like, and promptly forgot that it was there.
(To the nice lady who answered my request for the time with a drop-dead-you're-wearing-a-watch response, can I say that it wasn't actually a pickup line?)
The titanium thing is not a gimmick: this watch is (obviously) very light indeed, and solid. I have hopes that the light gray colour is undoctored titanium alloy, in which case it will still look good after life deals it some hard knocks. 
I set it to the exact (down to the second) correct time when I got it a month ago. It either has a very good movement, or it's secretly communicating with that atomic clock in Colorado without my knowledge.
Some reviewers have complained about a poor latch: I respectfully suggest they don't know how to close it. The watch has a very secure double-latch, which is poorly-explained but is not rocket science - I've added the instructions at the end.
Some complain about noise: this might be a quality-control issue. I can't comment to it because my watch is as quiet as the heartbeat of a fetus.
(Update several weeks later: The watch is slowly becoming louder, but the loudness changes irregularly, even when the watch is sitting by my bed. It is still very quiet, but but the fact that it is changing does not speak well to long-term durability.)
It gets 4 stars because I can't tell the time with my glasses off, which is why I wanted a high-contrast watch in the first place. But they're not getting this one back.
LATCH INSTRUCTIONS:
To get us properly oriented, lay the watch flat, with the face up. On one end of the strap is the half of the clasp that also contains the strap length adjustment. Open up the clasp part. Next to the strap length adjustment mechanism you will see a plain bar. Now look at the other end of the strap: on the very end of it is a solid, curved clasp. Swing it open, and you will see a wide double hook. 
Put the watch on your wrist, and attach the double hook to the plain bar. Next, close the solid clasp until it clicks. Next, close the other clasp over the first one, also until it clicks.
It is provably impossible for any single brush up against an object (say, an outboard motor) to loosen it
I've had this watch for about nine months now. I wear it every day. It keeps great time and looks great as well. Many people have complimented me on the design of this watch and asked me who made it. The mesh band is the most comfortable and lightest band you will ever wear.
I saw these Skagen watches in a local clock store, and fell in love with the titanium model. It is extremely light and comfortable. I was a little concerned about quality because it was so inexpensive for titanium. Though the movement is made in Japan, the rest of the watch is assembled somewhere else, I would assume Hong Kong. The word "Denmark" on the face is strictly for style, no part of the watches are made there. Regardless, it seems to be very well made; I've had mine for a year now, and it keeps excellent time and runs reliably. I bought a different Skagen model for my wife at the same time, and hers is just as well made. It has been a great watch and I heartily recommend it.
EDIT: I have been taking swimming lessons, and wearing this watch during them. It has not leaked a drop. I was told it was not suitable for any real depth, such as those encountered while snorkeling or scuba diving, but every other underwater test I've given it, it has passed. 
LOVE the earrings.  I have small earlobes and use these earrings in my second holes.  They are just perfect.
The pliers do the job & seem to be well made. My only problem was the awkwardness in trying to align the link. I guess if you remove the band from the watch, it would make it easier. In that case I recommend one of the pin removers that sit flat on a horizontal surface. BUT...this did do the job (even leaving the band on the watch). It comes with a smaller sized push pin that is a breeze to swap out
this item far exceeds what i thought it would be i am very please
I never adjusted a watch band before and I thought it was going to be difficult after reading the other reviews on the other watch tools. This tool could not have made it any easier, I didn't break any pins and I adjusted two watch bands the night it arrived with ease. You will need a pair of needle nose pliers to pull the watch pin completely out of the band. I adjusted an Accutron Lady's York and a Swiss Army Men's Maverick. I used the tool to remove and replace the watch pins, just line the pins and squeeze the pliers slowly. The accutron used solid pins and the Swiss Army used pins that looked like they were screws but were pins that are cut or bent in half so always push from the end that looks like a screw head
I first purchased this watch in 1994 when I entered the selection coarse to be an Air Force CCT.  I lost the watch years later but I would occasionally try to find a replacement with no luck.  I now work for US DOJ and will be deployed to Baghdad for a while and I need a watch I will be able to absolutely depend on in extreme conditions.  This is the only watch I will ever own.  I cannot say enough about it.  Maybe I'm sentimental but I love this watch
I was so happy in receiving the watch so fast.They do good business
My husband bought this for the 2nd time after losing the first. It is nice for dressy or casual.  Highly recommended
I bought my first Casio Diver's watch with the gold face years ago.  I wore the heck out of it, and eventually, the band broke.  I must have hunted for a replacement band or a whole new watch but to no avail.  A long-time friend then just sat in a drawer.  Recently, I found these watches were still available so I got a new one.  I even found a replacement band (made by Timex) for my original watch.  I must say I once again feel whole again.  This watch has timeless styling and wonderful functionality in a very reasonable priced watch.  I'm thinking about getting the black and the white ones so I can switch it up from time to time
This watch was great. I really loved the digital feature residing in the analog face. 
I don't know about others out there but analog watches are the only way to go. I love the fact that I can visually see what time it is in a graphical representation, but I love having the digital features such as the alarm, timer, stopwatch, and date feature.
I wore the watch 24/7 and it never ever gave me a problem, however, when I was filming an independent film within a west texas silo I lost the watch climbing the ladder out. I was climbing a straight vertical steel pipe ladder and as I reached the top hatch, which lead to the top landing, my watch face caught on the side of the steel ladder and the band pins broke. Next thing I knew I heard a "plop" and new my wonderful watch was on its way to the bottom of a 120 foot watery depth!!
I will probably get another one but I really would love one with a metal band
Overall the watch is awesome.  I do actually use it when diving, though it is only rated as water "resistant" and not waterproof.  I can say it holds up to at least 90 feet.  The dial is very readable at depth, the digital display however is not.  The multifunction display has no backlight and at times can be hard to make out, even on land.  The display does have luminescent hands and numbers that can be make out with no problem.  Very comfortable and functional
I first got one of these when it was issued to me in the Air Force back in the early 1990's.  As a fighter pilot (former) I've busted more watches in cockpits than most but this one held up.  Now that I'm in the more sedate confines of an airline cockpit, I still wear it.  It has dual time zones and an alarm, perfect for international travel.  Beware, it's a BIG watch!  If that's not your style, you may want to see one in person before you buy.  The only drawback... the plastic/rubber band will crack after 2+ years and need replacement.  I put a nice leather band on mine and even had a passenger compliment me on my "Breitling".  When I told him it was a Casio and cost $4950 less, he wanted one too.
After nearly two months my two automatic watches are ticking happily away. The mechanism is very quiet and the winder looks tidy.
The only critisism I have is lack of instructions to mount the watches. Maybe all winders work the same way but this was my first experience with wone and it took a while to work out the watch mounts are spring loaded to accept teh watch band. Once I sorted that out - no problem
The product, as i recalled, cost about $36 for a double winder.  The product works quite well and is reasonably quiet.  If one reads one of the watch magazines on the market one will quickly find out there are many watch winders out there and most cost a lot of money--in the hundreds to thousands of dollars. This product is in the tens of dollars and works very well.  I am very happy with the product--as well as Amazon (dot) com.
owned a different brand that was noisy and only worked for about a month......this winder i can not hear it run and have had it a couple of months....it is still running like clock work......would recommend to anyone that doesnt want to pay an arm and leg for one.....
I recently received the item and I love it. It is whisper quiet, works in both directions, and is automatic. I have seen other winders at 5x this price that don't do the same. Any of the winder would be a waste of money unless they sell a single winde
Could not have gotten a better deal. It has been working for the last 2 months. Very quite, I leave it in the bedroom. Can't beat the price.
Recommended for those automatic watch lovers, you can buy 4 of these for the price of an others model
the pendant was a little smaller than I expected, but lovely nonetheless
I needed to replace another Timex Ironman 100 lap watch I had purchased a few years back (the rubber frame that holds the strap broke).  Really liked this watch because of the large readout, ease of use, lap calculation.  I'm a Marathoner and novice Triathlete, so a good, simple, versatile watch is an important piece of equipment for me.  After looking for over a month, I decided to purchase the Timex Triathlon 100 Lap Flix System Watch, and I'm glad I did.  Great readout, easy button control (start and split are much more pronounced - great improvement) and a very sturdy velcro strap makes this a winner for me.  I've already used the timer function with alarm for my swim and bike intervals, and of course the chrono function with splits is easy to read and use.  This is a great watch!
Although glass, they do look like opals, and have a lovely irridescent qualit
This is the second pair of earrings I got from Silver Insanity, and I can tell you you won't be dissapointed.  They may be synthetic, but no one will ever guess while you're wearing them!  They catch the light beautifully, and the delicate silver design compliments the gems perfectly.  I always get compliments when I wear these.  And you can't beat the price
Fossil watches are beautiful and have a lot of style. Many people have pointed out at how different and nice my watch is. It looks great with almost all of my casual clothes. 
This is a beautiful high quality-not so expensive watch
I bought this for my wife as christmas present. She loves it
  I bought one for my girl friend, and she is very satisfied with it.
  It is really beautiful
My son tells me that he loves his watch and would give it 500 out of 5 stars.  He saved up for it, and he bought it with his own money after his ADHD and Asperger's self had trouble walking home from the library one too many times when it was time (and after more than a few reminders).  He'd also missed cello lessons at school and was very frustrated with himself for the difficulties he was having.  It is a cool watch.  It looks good, it has two alarms (cello lesson and whatever else he needs) a stop watch and a countdown timer--that he's found a use for so far.  It is waterproof/or resistant, so that means when he forgets to take it off before his bath it's ok.  This watch was a way that he could solve his own problems, and reorganize his own life to make up for some of his difficulties.  That's why I like it so much.
It has all these features and looks really cool and it doesn't cost an arm and a leg.  That's the best, I think. I'm not sure if he'll ever need the lap timer or the pacing feature or anything like that.  I suppose those features are awesome for those who use them, but for our purposes and our budget, this watch is perfect
This is a must have watch for serious runners.  I have had mine for over a month and I love mine.  I am a professional track and field athlete, and I train very hard to win races.  This watch helps me train better than any other watch I've ever had.  It gives you up to 50 lap splits which are great for any workout that is over 800 meters on a track.  Not only that but it has 5 interval timers, which you can set your appropriate rest time on.
   If you are a serious runner like myself, I highly suggest you get this watch.  It is definately something that you will need
I bought these earrings for my Stepmother in Seattle, so I never actually saw them.  Now she is a refined person with classy taste, so you can't just get her any piece of junk.  She said they were perfect and she loved them. That's a great recommendation!
I have longed for gold hoop earrings for years.  These seemed liked they were the ones!  But I waited a while, still debating..... finally 'went for it' and got a pair. I haven't regretted it at all.  I find these earrings comfortable, and I like the way they look on me.  I am very happy with these and recommend these beauties!..... Now, if they would make them in white gold..........
Nice watch for the price. Case is a little bigger than some, but a nice watch with easy to read face
Zina makes wonderful jewelry and that is why I am frustrated that they use such a cheap chain for this pendant. The pendant itself is beautiful and the silver SHINES, but the garnet is very small.  It is a nice red color though. I purchased this on sale and that is why it gets four stars and not three.  
I like guess watches spicily gold candy rock and white. gold one is look like really gold
If you want a subtle piece of jewelry that will get attention, this is it! I have gotten more compliments and questions from strangers when I wear these (earrings and pendant) than I have from all the Swarovski jewelry I have created and worn.  This is a very different color than I have ever worked with; it appears as if two sides only are 2x AB and the other two aren't - quite unusual which makes it fun
It was even more beautiful than what was shown in the display picture. My friend absolutely loved it.
Absolutely beautiful piece of jewelry.  I bought it for a young man as a birthday gift and he has worn it every day since!  Unique and eye-catching
I bought two of these (one for each daughter 3 & 6).  It is very hard to find sterling chains in the length needed for children. Thank you
This necklace is just as advertised.  I like it a lot.  I was looking for an "almost choker" necklace.  I would really like a wider one, but this one will do
its beautiful But the heart look large  in the picture but in realty it's small but i think it's better
This watch is you would expect from any Timex watch.  It's easy to read the face while running, easy to set, big button on the front for the light so no fumbing when wearing gloves for the little side button on some.  It's lightweight if a bit stiff to start with, but eventually easied a bit with age.  I only use it for running timing, not my everyday watch, but I'll buy one again when I lose this one (as I usually lose them long before they wear out).  I haven't had it long enough to notice any real wear in the band yet, not sure if it'll wear out easier or not, but so far, so good (1 year)
I got this watch to help me with running, walking and yoga. It was a little difficult to figure out all of the set up, but I am thrilled with the end result.
I recommend this product to any woman looking for a watch to use for multiple workout programs
Thanks for the prompt delivery.  Great packaging.  A beautiful watch--sleek and chic.  Perfect size for everyday wear and more active wear.  Great features, easy to use. 
Great features on this watch.  I especially like the linked timers and the three alarms.  My wrist is tiny, and the selection of holes is great (I use the tightest).  This does leave a gap because the band is still bigger than my wrist, and the extra band wraps all the way around, but it doesn't slip and it feels very comfortable.  The alarm sound is pleasant.  The color is great too
This pair of earrings is a great deal for the money. You can't go wrong with a price like this
Its tough to beat the price of these 1/2 ct. diamonds for $199; they looked really good and the wife loved them.  The only reason I gave 4 stars is because they only have non-screw backs and they didn't come with a diamond spec sheet to verify what you got.  But for the price, a minor quibble... you won't be disappointed with your purchase
.
These are beautiful.  At a total .50 carat for the pair, each .25 carat stud is well matched for color and clarity.  If you like white gold and diamonds, you won't be disappointed.  
The watch is super thin; you barely know you are wearing it.  In two weeks, I have had over 10 compliments
This is my third Skagen watch.  The design is ultra thin and the titanium consturction makes it ultra light. The design is sophisticated enough for dress and sleek enough for sports wear. They have proven to be reliable timekeepers and I liked this one so much I bought two more for my sons. At less than $80.00 each they are a real bargin
I've had two Skagen Watches and have to say they are my favorite. I love the large face and the Titanium bracelet (you don't have to remove the watch in order to shower!). A lot of people have complimented me on the watch, too. Given the price and quality, you can't go wrong. If you ever need a part replaced, you just send it to Skagen; the work is completed in a couple of weeks! In summary: an elegant watch at a reasonable price
Everyone loves this watch.  I wear it for work, and it's sleek enough to look sharp.  Women constantly compliment me on how it looks. 
I read the reviews about people saying their watch scratched and lost paint on it.  Mine has not done this with the exception of the clasp.  Since the watch and band are titanium it should be anondized, meaning it's not going to come off.  However the clasp and a few other small parts (watch hands) are made of stainless steel, so they will start losing their finish after awhile.
After wearing this watch for a few weeks, I went and put on my old stainless steel Citizen watch.  It felt huge and felt like it weighed a ton.  I went and weighed each of them.  The Citizen came in around 4.5oz, while the Skagen came in at around 1.5oz.  It is also very thin, I used to not be able to wear a watch since typing on a computer all day the band would irritate me, have not had any problems with the Skagen.
One other thing to note, the picture for this item shows the Steel watch (you can see it on the face), if you want to see a picture of the titanium one, take the product number and go to skagen's site, or google.
The skagen lost a star because of the paint coming off the clasp (not the band)
My roommate got this for his girlfriend, and after examining his girlfriend's ears, I have decided that these earrings are great for the price. Not something you want to give your wife, but an excellent gift for a young boyfriend trying to impress his young (or old) girlfriend with an entry-level "nice" gift. They are a decent size, and no faults are noticeable at a normal distance. Recommended
The stones are a beautiful color, and they're very pretty earrings packaged in a nice box. I recommend these
I bought this pair to wear in my second ear piercing with a larger set of peridots in my first, but I would also wear these alone.  The pair I received are a lovely color.  Very recommended
I am extremely impressed with the feel, look and general quality of the watch.  It contains the Citizen Miyota 21 jewel automatic movement that is a true workhorse for a fraction of the price.  The comfortable stainess steel pinned link bracelet is worth the price of the watch. It has rounded flexible brushed steel wrist links The foldover adjustable double safety clasp uses pins as well. Can easily be mistaken for a watch costing much more.  The Mineral Glass crystal is scratch resistant - but not as good as a sapphire watch face, but is less prone to chipping or shattering than a sapphire crystal. The display watchback is also mineral glass - displaying the undecorated Miyota automatic movement. It look as stylish and run as well as my other watches, and, I receive as many comments if not more from the Invicta's.  It is a great looking watch!  Good value, accurate and stylish if you like the Sub' look. This is a good day-to-day knock about watch that still looks better than the quartz stuff in the same price band. If it lasts 5 years it's more than paid for itself
I bought one as a gift. It looks great on him. But it ran out of battery after half a year, and my friend need get it fixed. This should not happend for a new watch. As the watch was already started when I received it, there was a possibility that it wasn't brand new when I bought them. Other than that, it is a good buy
Because I teach, I wear a man's watch so I can keep my eye on the clock without seeming to look at my watch all the time.  This beauty has a very easy to read dial.  And it looks very cool and retro--I've gotten many compliments.  I should probably have the bracelet made smaller--it's one of the bigger-sized men's watches I've ever worn--so I think it would be a great choice for big guys.  I am quite pleased with my purchase.  The price was nice, too
I've found that I receive quite a few compliments whenever I wear this necklace. Great color combo & not too heavy. The price is right
This watch is generally a good watch, but there are some flaws in ours--not a surprise considering the price.  One, there is a white haze under the crystal when viewed in the sunlight--perhaps the result of careless manufacturing and cleaning.  Two, my son has had the band come apart twice in one month.  The later probably a design issue relative to all the spring-loaded retainers and such, and the general range of movement of the clasp
This watch looks great although I was afraid that it was going to be bulky.  It has worked great for my husband.  The only problem we have had with it is setting the date on it.  No matter what time of day we set the date, it is always the wrong date by the next day
This watch looks like business.  The movement is what I really like.  You get about 5 ticks per second instead of 1 so it looks more sweeping (though I wouldn't call it sweeping).  I give it a 5 based on looks and cost.  I haven't had it long, and it took a couple days of wearing it for it to keep time correctly (it was losing a few hours at night).  I guess it just needed to get charged up.  It's no Rolex, but it's no Casio either. 
This watch looks and feels great on me. Yes, I had to take out about 6 links to get a good fit, but that was fairly easy and only took 5 minutes (which included figuring out how to do it, which I'll explain at the end).
The clasp locks well - firm, but not difficult to lock/unlock, and is very secure. I was a little suprised with how lightweight the links/band is. That's the only part of the watch that feels a little cheap. Don't get me wrong, it's well constructed, but it's not like a Big Manly Steel Band. At the end of the day, I found that I loved it because it ISN'T heavy.
I didn't give it a full 5 stars because after having it a few weeks there's a teeny tiny scratch that developed on the face/crystal. I'm really cautious and have been gentle with it, so I'm rather disappointed this happened. (And it very possibly might have been me knocking up against a brick wall or something). If you're especially rough on your things, this might not be the best watch for you.
Taking the links out is EASY if you're not completely inept. You'll want something small and sort-of pointy (I happened to have had a filed-down mini screwdriver, but a nail would probably work just as well). I found it easiest to first disconnect the standard clasp - just push the pin in (on either side) and wiggle the clasp apart. Make sure you don't drop/lose the pin. 
For the links, it's fool-proof - it has an arrow engraved on the back of the links, showing you which side the pin/insert comes out. Stick the nail/whatever into the small oval hole and pry the pin out the side. Pull it out with a pair of pliers (it's in there pretty tight) and you can then remove the link
The watch arrived in great condition, it is a very stylish and affordable watch, the only thing is that it is a tad too big and my boyfriends had to take some links out.  He has a big wrist so it was a little unusual.  Nice watch though! No regrets
pleased with this purchase.  Surprised how nice the watch actually looks
this ring is just about what i expected.  it's fun and puzzling, and it looks nice.  i figured it out after about 20 minutes of messing with it(i've always been good with puzzles, so it might take someone else longer)
This ring is absolutely gorgeous and I havent taken it off since recieving it. But when buying this ring, be careful not to take the string off of the bands. This string protects you from well....insanity. I unfortunately took off the string and my ring separated into the 4 separate bands. Luckily I found a website that gave me instructions on how to reassemble it. My dad put it back together and it was fine, but I have to admit I'm a little distraut about how there is no indication or warning telling people not to take it off. If this does happen to you, google "puzzle ring solutions" and there are many websites to guide you in restoring your ring to normal.  
I love this ring! It's interesting to look at, and I like the design. I haven't taken the string off for fear of not being able to figure out the puzzle. Maybe one day I might try it, but I like it so much I don't want to chance it now. Shipped fast
This is a fun item to own, I spent 2 days trying to get it solid again and had to look up the solutionon the internet. I think a solution should be included with the item
I loved the Wiccan Protection knot pendant, I purchased it for my daughter for Christmas and she hasn't taked it off since.  She had wanted a Celtic tricetta necklace, but absolutely adored this one just as much.  
Thank you
I was very pleased when I recieved this...I love that it doesn't look like every single other pendant on the market and although it looks like it in the picture, it's not enormously huge.  Just the right size and very pretty
I have been looking for a bracelet for what seems to be years. Never found the right style/size/design combination to fit until now. This bracelet looks great on the wrist. It is well constructed and very comfortable to wear with no pinching; I'm giving it the full 5 stars without any hesitation
This bracelet looks better than the picture.  It looks beautiful on my wrist. The fifty bucks that I paid for it was a real bargain. I love it. There's only one drawback, it's 8 inches long and that's too long for my wrist. If it fit perfectly, I'd give it ten stars. I'll pay to make it smaller. It's made of titanium, and maybe it's too tough to alter. I want it to fit over that knot on my wrist. If I can get it altered, I'll wear it until the day I die, which I hope will be 100 years from now
I got this bracelet for my boyfriend. Initially, I was looking at two different designs, but I'm really interested with this one. I made up my mind to buy this bracelet. When I received it, I'm vary satisfied with it. It's really nice, and the good thing is my boyfriend really like it. It's a worth buy.
As a gift, this bracelet will not disappoint.  It appears just (or better) as it does in the picture.  The only downside is that, for a gentlemen with a thicker bone structure, there will not be any give, nor do they provide extra links to make it a bit more comfortable.  Otherwise, one cannot go wrong with selecting it
 i always wanted a titanium braclet.and i found this on of all places  amazon.com..i thought why not?  i was very surprised when i got  it  this bracelet looks better in person!  very high quality...the pic dont do it justice its a elegant design  very contemporary and classy..it does not look gawdy or"bling bling "tacky.....   treat yourself and pick this one up
IT IS LIKE A ROLEX DAYTONA, A VERY NICE WATCH, BUT WITH SOME DIFFICULTY TO READ BECAUSE OF IT DIAL COLOR
Beautiful Watch!! I was already familiar with Invicta and know that they're worth three times the price and that in the future they will be.  Had it in just a few days.  Don't let the picture fool you.  It does not do this piece justice and you would be better off going to another site to view what this watch actually looks like...looks like it cost a whole lot more.  I've been watching Invicta's for about a year now and if you find a better price than this...It's stolen!!!   
This color was on a price special and I liked the look in the picture so I chose this model.  I found that the silver on silver makes it a bit more difficult to read than I would have liked but it's adequate.  Good, accurate movement as the other Invicta timepieces I've owned or known of have also been.  This one is quite heavy and has a feel of a more pricey timepiece.  Mine is running about 3 seconds slow per week which doesn't seem bad but former Invictas I've had were a bit better than this.
Update to prior review....  Now that the watch has limbered up, the accuracy has improved and I've hardly needed to touch it
I had one exactly like this one for over 20 years, but finally the crown fell off.  I am keeping it for a backup as it is still running just fine.
I expect the same quality of my new Seiko.  I highly recommend this model.  Easy to read dial (especially the white face) and also a fine looking piece of jewelry
Extremely reliable, easy to read, looks like the Rolex style, only it is very lightweight. Good for everyday use because you can wear either gold or silver jewelry with this watch. I would have given it 5 stars if it were one of those models which does not need a battery
This item was very nice.  The chain was longer than I expected and hangs really low on my neck, but it only looks like the real one.  You can tell that it is a knock off, but you get what you pay for.  For $5 I think that it was worth it, but it does look different than the "real" one.  Good service and delivery
This was a gift for my brother and he really enjoyed it.  It was shipped quickly which is always a plus
This invicta is a really nice watch but with some problems: All metal surfaces are polished on this watch so they scratch very easily and quickly. And the clock face is a bit too shiny in my opinion (hard to read in direct light).
Also, who needs a 24h dial on a chronograph (instead of a 1/10s dial)?
But overall for this price a good deal and good looking
This watch is very attractive and keeps great time.
It seems to be very high quality and I like all the engraving.
This watch is attractive, fairly heavy and well made (esp for the price). One small complaint is that the glow in the dark hands barely show up. 4 1/2 stars
Seller was delivering immediately. The watch itself is sporty but elegant, suited for active men
This is a beautiful piece of solid silver jewelry.  Well constructed and spins without burrs or sticking points.  It is very pretty, and a wonderful addition to my wardrobe. A lovely pendant that I will treasure always
It was a gift and I was pleased with the good quality and workmanship
GREAT COLOR AND VERY WELL MADE. WHILE SMALL FOR A PRIMARY PIERCE IN THE LOBE THEY ARE THE PERFECT SIZE FOR MY SECOND PIERCE. THIS COMPANY ALSO MAKES BEAUTIFUL 1/2" HOOP EARRINGS SET WITH AMETHYST  THAT I'M VERY HAPPY WITH.
The earrings arrived in a Jewelery box, so they would make a nice gift.  The earrings seem to be well made.  The post has a notch  to prevent loss of the back.  The ameythyst stone is so pretty---I've gotten a number of compliments on these earrings
The watch arrived promptly and was exactly what I expected -- a very nice "everyday" watch for a good price
I have been wearing this watch for last 6 months no complaints. Loved the Adjust-o-matic bracelet. Great buy
I bought 2 necklaces for each daughter for Christmas.  The girls wear them all the time, they are very pretty and love opening up the lockets to look at the pictures we put them
The bracelets were as advertised, shipping was reasonably prompt.
The only thing that I am slightly worried about is whether the elastic band which holds the pearls is strong enough to last for some time. These were not intended for me, I bought them as a gift for my mother and I can only comment on its longevity only after she's used them for some time
Obviously the pearls are flawed, but because of their size you can't tell even from a short distance away.
They're super cute, but I suggest getting them 2 or 3 at a time as they look a bit awkward on their own
I ordered one each for my 5-year-old daughter and her 2 friends for Valentine's Day.  Nice pearl color and oval-like shapes.  Slightly too big for a 5-year-old but would be good for older children or a small wristed adult. Very dainty.  A great buy for the price
i will buy more items from you guys.i got them quikl
I bought these pearls for my granddaughter when she was born in June.  I bought my 2 year old granddaughter pearls and wanted my 2nd one to have pearls too.  The pearls I purchased were exactly what I wanted
I haven't worn pierced earrings in years;I thought they were sealed. When I discovered that they were indeed open, I sought some simple gold post types to wear. When I saw my March birthstone set in a simple gold setting, I couldn't resist it. The actual earring is so elegant! 'Tis exactly as described, and more! Wearing such graceful simplicity in my beauty-starved lobes makes me feel like royalty! And for such a small price with the security of Amazon!
What a joy! 
Sincerely,
Miss Agnes Crosb
Inexpensive Aquamarine is usually a washed-out blue color.  Not these babies!  You'll fool your friends into thinking you've spent double
These earrings are so exceptionally shiny and cute.  The are a nice size and look very well made. A couple of small drawbacks:  The pointy edges of the sunshine's rays are kind of sharp and also, the hook part seems to be extra thin because a normal small rubber back does not fit and will slide right off but if you wear the earrings without a rubber back, they will slide out and you will lose them (I know this because I had to backtrack in the grocery store only to find my missing earring in the produce section!).  They DO provide a rubber back that fits but it is so very very tiny that I could easily lose it and it's hard to handle with fingernails.  BUT don't let those things stop you from buying these earrings because they are so distinctive and attractive.  I always get lots of compliments when I wear them
This watch is definitely something that I will keep with me for a while.  It is simple, elegant, and came to me for relatively cheap.  The free shipping is always a bonus, and I also came across it in the Gold Box deals, and when I saw it I knew I had to have it.  It is pink and is lighter pink in the center.  The bracelet was large with the extra links, so I removed them and took it to the store to make it smaller. I think its a great watch for both casual and more formal settings
Great watch, bought through Amzon USA, 10 days from order to receipt with shipping tracking along the way if you get nervous.  Aussie price AU$890.  Amazon price AU$510.  Do yourself a deal, buy wht you can't afford in Aussie through Amazon
WATCH IS THE BEST ON THE MARKET.  I'VE HAD IT A MONTH NOW AND LOVE IT.  THE COMPLIMENTS KEEP COMING IN AND AMAZON'S PRICE WAS THE LOWEST I COULD FIND ANYWHERE BOTH ON THE NET AND AT THE DISCOUNT STORES.  IF YOU WANT TO CATH THE LADIES EYES, THIS IS THE WATCH FOR YOU
My husband LOVES this watch. He was SO excited that it looks even better in person than the picture. As soon as he shook it, the watch did exactly what it was suppose to and set itself to the right time, date, and month. He's absolutely thrilled with it. And I was thrilled with the price from this company. Thanks all around
This watch is beautiful.  The picture don't make any justice.  The quality from Amazon is Flawless.  Highly Recommended
My wife commented to me on the attractiveness of this watch, something she has never done before as she doesn't own a watch, and has no interest in them. It is a beautiful timepiece.
What can you really say other than what is listed in the specifications. It works just fine, and keeps perfect time.
So, what is my small criticism? There is a lot of gold and white coloring on the face of the watch, and there is a lot of gold and white on the hands. The problem is that at certain times it is somewhat difficult to distinguish the hands from the background. If you have perfect eyesight this might not be a problem. My eyes are decidedly not perfect. Gone are the days when I can surreptitiously glance at my watch while listening to some boring conversationalist. I generally have to bring the watch to about a foot from my face to read the hands.
Still it is a great watch, and I feel compelled to give it a full five stars
I have enjoyed the oregon series watch.  It is good looking.  The band is comfortable and is holding up nicely.  The display is easy to read, and the light is quite good.  My one complaint is that the chronograph is often difficult to clear.  I run a good bit, and I was doing a workout the other day.  I had to keep holding down the clear button to get the old time off.  Other than that, I have enjoyed the watch immensely.  I thought the price was extremely reasonable as well
Everything was OK. I actually recommend
it's got an alarm, stop watch, timer, lap timer, 5 alarms actually, a water break alarm, water resistant, although don't go aggressive swimming with it because water leaked inside mine, and when it gets hot outside, water vapor rises to the glass dial and it blurs out the time...but other than that, it's a great watch, finest i've owned in terms of digital watch, i highly recommend it
I bought this watch for my son, a Marine, serving in Iraq, because he requested a sturdy digital with an alarm. This one had a large face which he says is extremely easy to read in any light, especially at night.
It is comfortable, and sits close to the wrist with very little profile.
He loves it, and asked me to order a second one because he wants a back-up!
Atomic watches are highly-accurate quartz watches which are synchronized each day with a time signal broadcast in the U.S. from the definitive U.S. Atomic Clock in Ft. Collins, Colorado. Thus, all atomic watches are always accurate to within a fraction of a second at any time. Since atomic watches adjust automaticaly to and from daylight saving time they are convenient as well as highly accurate. Casio makes -- and Amazon sells -- a wide selection of styles of atomic watches to suit various needs and tastes, including G-Shock watches for extra ruggedness and solar-powered watches which never need replacement batteries. But all atomic watches, including this budget-priced Waveceptor model, are equally accurate to a fraction of a second at all times. If you want a numbered-face watch that is always accurate this model is a real bargain
If you are looking for an inexpensive yet reliable, accurate, & stylish analog (rather than digital) timepiece, this is the watch for you. Easy to set up & comfortable to wear. No backlight so hard to read in low light.  A good buy
I like this watch as it was pretty cheap and it keeps good time, right with WWV time clock for the last couple of months since I got it. I am extremely hard on watches. The crystal is not hard so it is scratched already. The time is very accurate with the Colorado WWV time station. For 30 bucks or so, except for the scratched face is the only issue. Worth the mone
I wanted an inexpensive watch which keeps accurate time. This fills the bill quite nicely. It sets itself daily and even uses WWV's "leap year" flag so you don't have to worry about the Daylight Savings time change.
It is a bit fussy here in Pittsburgh (hill country). It took a bit of experimentation to find some place to sit it overnight where it will get a good signal. It instructs in the manual to sit it near a window with the "six" on the watch pointed at the window and to let it sit for up to 10 minutes.
I followed the manual instructions several times. Then I picked up the watch right after I initiated the manual search for the signal. I moved it around until it showed a steady "3" (highest signal level). Problem solved.
Adjusting the band should be as simple as looking for the arrows and pusing out the pin, etc. Except it require brute force. I broke a jeweler's screwdriver and small punch in the process.
I should have bought an expansion band at the same time
This was a pleasant surprise for the money and the craftsmanship is quite good. Only criticism is the adjustment of the band is a bit tedious. It is certainly worth while and a durable product. I would certainly buy this product again
I am completely satisfied with this product.  Correct time is kept and it has been a great watch.  I have had many atomic wrist watches and this is the best one ever. 
This watch is totally accurate. And with glow in the dark hands and numerals and an oversized date window, it is the perfect watch. It makes it a pleasure to look at my wrist
Actually, it's a fabulous watch.  It looks great, does everything that you would expect, and is a joy to look at - I've swapped it for a watch that my wife bought me for a wedding present "just to get used to it for a bit" (which obviously she's less than pleased about), and everytime I look at it I see a really great watch that I'm really pleased I bought.
HOWEVER, if there was a design fault, it would be this: when you start and then stop the stop watch, you cannot reset without pressing and holding the reset button; surely it would be better for a one-touch reset?  Also, with the Timer - loop 3 (which is continuous countdown) the reset button (again press and hold) resets the timer to zero (as you would expect the 'set' button to do), and the set button (press and hold) resets the timer to the original timer setting (eg 5 mins) - surely these are the wrong way round?  All a bit odd, but sort-of OK once you get used to it.  Seems a bit sloppy though in its design.
Nonetheless, overall an excellent watch.  I'm really please I bought it and it's very useful for triathlon events, using the lap on the stopwatch
My last Ironman lasted 12 years of very hard usage in the restaurant business---lots of heat, grease and water! My new Timex Combo Dual Tech Watch has all the same features, especially the timers which I can set at different intervals. You can't beat the price for this rugged but sleak looking watch. A plus---it has both digital time and good old watch hands
This watch met all my requirements, and it well suited for my hand. 
I liked the feature of turning the digital display ON & OFF. The strap is also smooth, doest hurt ur skin. 
The only negative remark I found with this watch is the INDIGLO night-light is not that bright as I expected or was not equivalent to my previous watch.
I've had the watch for about 3 weeks and I really like it better than i expected
This watch is great.  It has full iron man functionality and actually looks nicer than a geeky casio - unlike prior iron man watches.  I probably should have gone with the steel band as it could be worn out as well.  It has solid construction and easy functionality.  The indiglo could be a little brighter but I am sure that would cost battery life.
I'm a wristwatch fan, and I have a modest collection of nice luxury watches, and I was looking for something inexpensive that I could use for "rough" activities where I don't want to damage my nicer Omega or Rolex watches. I wanted something with sport functions and alarm.
Most sports watches with digital displays (e.g. Casio or even other Timex Ironmans) are pretty ugly, they look out of place wearing anything but sweats and sneakers. But I was pleasantly surprised by this Timex model. You can turn off the digital display and it looks like a reasonable handsome analog watch, but one press and the display functions appear again. However, there are some drawbacks:
- the digits can be hidden by the thick hands of the analog display.
- The white on black digital display isn't very clear except in good light. You'll be using the Indiglo backlight often.
The rest of the watch is pretty nice overall. The casing is heavy, and thick but thanks to the comfortable rubber band, I don't find the watch annoying on my small wrist. The loop on the band to hold the end of the band secure stays put pretty well. The overall weight is hefty but not as overbearing as some other watches with metal straps. The finish isn't exactly Rolex quality, it looks like what you expect a $50 watch, the brushing is a bit uneven. The design is modern and smooth, and the watch looks a bit more expensive than it is.
The functions of the watch are pretty typical of any digital watch. There isn't anything about the watch I find confusing. As long as you walk through the functions once in the manual, you shouldn't have problems doing it again later without the manual. Usually you have to hold the top left button to go into set modes, and the other buttons go up/down or advance the setting mode. I could completely figure out the watch without the manual. 
As for the sport functions, the three loop countdown timers allow you to set up intervals. For example, you can one loop to time running interval, and then a second loop for the walk break. The chrono function keeps track of 42 laps, and you can see each lap time in the recall mode. However, because the hands can easily cover the digits, I wouldn't suggest this watch if you really need to be able to read the digits at all times, stick with a digital only Ironman model
The Indiglo backlight just adds enough light to the digits to allow you to see the light in any lighting condition, but as I said, you'll more likely to use it in this watch because of the low contrast of the digits. The Alarm is average for a digital watch, it is good enough to wake most people when placed on the bedside (it isn't very loud worn on the wirst)
The quality of the product is great and was just as advertised. The delivery time was excellent as it was promised for  a week delivery but arrived the next day! Great company to do business with
My daughter loves this earring 'tree'. It looks great and is very practical as it holds multiple earrings
This is a Big watch for the price!
(44mm I believe)....You have to buy a vintage dive watch to find one this large..... I agree with the other reviewer about the strap.I  lost a Casio just like this before @ the beach .I now have a "waterborne" dive-strap on my new one.....a one directional bezel & a screw-down crown would be nice on future models...Also be ready to be asked  "What Time is it?" a lot when you wear it to the Beach ...;)
                            
This model has been out for a long time. I like the look of the black more then the white or gold. The reason the watch loses one star is because the band. It looks great, but the rubber will wear out and break in about a year. The replacement band that Casio offers looks close the orginal, but not exactly the same. I lost one of these, and another was stolen. So the fact that I am on my third is a statement to how much I love this watch. I have been wearing it since about 1993
When I received this item I could not believe how beautiful it was.  The price was insane for the quality and workmanship. I will order more for my sisters
I bought this necklace along with 13 other Hematite Necklaces they are all Absolutely Beautiful and the quality is exceptional and the price is awesome you can not beat it. Shipping and handling was very reasonable also. Here is some information on Hematite and why it is one of my favorite stones:
Hematite: Element Earth 
Chakras: Root (1st)
Hematite is the most effective of all stones for grounding oneself in the body and physical world. It can counteract spaciness and confusion, helping one to see the practical concerns and move forward with useful action. Hematite can be used to balance the auric field and align the chakras. It pulls stray energies down through the meridian sytem to the root chakra. Hematite can help one see the silver lining on every dark cloud and the light at the end of every tunnel. It lends one strength, courage and fortitude for moving through adversity. It is excellent for energetic support of recovery from any ailment of the blood and of blood production within bone marrow. It can work as a strengthener for the liver and can assist in the detoxification process.
I bought this necklace for my 5 year old Granddaughter.  The piece is beautiful, and has some weight to it.  Its very well made, and no one would guess the price I paid.  More than worth the price
These are so pretty, I'd like to have a whole box of them just to look at.
Originally, CoolStyles mis-shipped my order, but acted quickly to make sure that I got my shipment by Christmas.  I was very pleased with that
These earrings are very pretty-- not too big not too small, just right.  For the price you can't go wrong.  The gift box they arrived in was sort of cheesy, but they were for ME so I didn't mind.  If I were giving them as a gift I'd put them in a prettier box before giving them to the recipient.
Overall very pretty earrings, good value, no complaints
I bought these and made a set with a necklace for my girl. They look gorgeous on her. Really really worth the effort, and unique. 
I highly recommend this seller.
The reward I got for the gift... well, let's just say I'm buying stuff from them in the future, for sure!
The earrings are gorgeous, kind of a hematite color--but they look darker, nearly black, against fair skin.  Beautiful!  And this COMPANY!  The earrings went on sale after I ordered (and paid for) them and they automatically credited my card/account for the difference.  Wow!  I am *very* happy with this purchase and will definitely buy from Securehoop again
I got this because it was a simple design but still looked good without costing too much.  My only complaint is that my wrists are super small and I had to get links removed, but that was no big deal.  I only wear it when I need to dress up, so it's still in good shape. 
These small earrings are great! I can sleep in them and because they are platinum, I do not have any allergic reaction to the metal! I'm so glad I found them
I received these earrings as a Christmas gift from my sister.  They are perfect.  Their size is about the circumference of a dime.  Platinum adds elegance and yet, they are perfect for simple everyday wear.  You know they will never tarnish nor will they irritate your ears.  They are also perfect for young lady's first introduction to platinum jewelry. 
This is a really nice little pendant/necklace.  The stones are not too small, not too big -- the pendant is about 1" long.  The bail is large enough to accommodate a nice chain (it comes with an 18" fine chain, but you might want to replace it with something a bit more substantial).
For the price, I was expecting something a lot "cheaper" looking.  I was very pleasantly surprised at the quality of this. 
I had a previous Expedition watch that lasted many years and served me well. I purchased this new version and so far haven't been disappointed. If you're looking for a basic watch that tells time and has a backlight, I don't think you can go wrong for the money
I purchased this item to show my work to potential buyers. I found that it is effective to show many of my pieces, and the materials used to make this folder is exceptional.  Very professional looking and easy to carry around.  If you have a ton of items then they tend to get tangled, but I don't believe it is intended for that purpose
I gave this watch to my fiance as a gift and she loved it. Can't lose with this one
Love my new watch!  It is very thin and comfortable.  I get compliments every time I wear it.
Beautiful, clean, simple, lightweight lovely watch. Great price and look. Perfect size and really durable. Got it for Christmas and haven't taken it off since.
I love this watch! It matches everything!! and I love the little diamonds that mark the numbers that circle the watch!! so nice =
The item ordered was shipped promptly and was exactly as described.  No problems whatsoever
This is a beautiful, classic piece.  My husband got mucho brownie points for this one.  A good choice for anyone you want to show your love to
The pendant is gorgeous and feels substantial. Quick delivery and the product was delivered as promised. The chain is a little long (for me) so the pendant hangs at about breastbone level, but it's so lovely I haven't bothered to find a new chain
I love this watch. It was my Christmas present to myself.  The ribbons are easy to interchange, and I wear them with the silver bracelet, as well.  It comes in a cute and durable box that I now use to store all of my watches.  A perfect gift and good quality.  I especially like the little heart on the minute sweep
This is the first time I settled for "byzantine" style of jewelry but I like it. It is a big and shining bracelet that perfectly matches with dark or black clothes. It would make an excellent gift for a man especially if the guy is not skinny
I have received many compliments on the Sterling Silver Byzantine Bracelet, 7.5".  It is a nice size (~1/4" diameter).  It is a beautiful link.  It is a really nice peice:  perfect for both casual and formal wear.  The only things I did not like are that the bracelet is not totally cylindrical (it is flat on one side) and some of the links are welded together (not that this really matters because no one can see this).  However, compared to the byzantine bracelet I had had in the past, it is fantastic.  That one kept breaking apart any time it got caught on anything because the rings were not welded closed.  The fact that these are (even if some are welded together) is a fantastic feature
I own about 27 various expensive brands of quartz watches and finally decided it was time to invest in an automatic. I knew stories from other people who own them and claim that it's important to have a good watch winder, so, I saw this one and decided I'd give it a try. I could not see the point in spending hundreds of dollars on a winder when I could use that money towards another watch! :)   I ordered this before I even received my new Invicta Automatic Pro Diver watch.
I have very tiny wrists, and because of that, at first I did not think the spring loader was going to work for me. I struggled a bit to fit my watch in the holder but after about 15 minutes, I got it.  I have been using the watch winder off and on now for over a week and I think it does a great job. My automatic is only 1 minute fast, and although I'm not sure if that speaks more for the quality of the watch or the winder, all I can say is I think the product is doing what it is supposed to do and the watch is keeping time well.
I put it on the winder each night before bed. It's fairly quiet but that is just my opinion. I have read other reviews where people said it was loud. I expected it to be louder than it is.
Like other reviewers, I am unsure of how much is "too much" winding. I think most watches have a built in mechanism that prevents overwinding so I guess putting it in the winder each night is ok.
My only problem now is the lonely empty space where another automatic needs to be since it is a double winder. Hmmmm......time to get another watch!    :)   If you need a winder, get this. It works well and you can save the extra money and get yourself another watch to add to your collection
I went onto Ebay and found the same product for slightly less but the shipping was outrageous!  Great product.  Clockwise or counter clockwise rotation.  I have it in my office on the back of my desk and I can barely hear it working if I pay attention to it.  Nice design and looks good
I purchased this watch winder as part of my husband's Christmas gifts this year to pair with his new Tag Heuer Carrera. I compared this winder to many others out there in all price ranges and this one is actually the same winder many luxury stores (ie. Neiman Marcus) carry, sans branding. It's very quiet and the interval winding keeps his watches running without risking over-winding. 
You can save a lot of money by forgoing the leather wrapping or wood veneer packaging on the more expensive winders and just get this one.
This dual watch winder is awesome.  Not only is it ultra stylish but it works great.  Although I have expensive tastes when it comes to watches, I cannot justify paying more than $100 for a watch winder that no one will ever see.  This dual watch winder works great with my Tag Heuer-Link and my Movado.  It's truly a great buy, no reason to spend more money
I purchased this with a gift certificate for myself.
 For the price you can not complain too much- this necklace is a nice addition to my jewlery box. 
I suppose the more expensive ones may sparkle a bit more but this is a nice piece
I purchased this necklace as a Christmas gift for my sister. The pendant is very nice indeed, but the chain is poor quality and seems like it will break easily. With a replacement chain the necklace turned out very beautiful though
I love the watch expecially, with the black white color. Looks the casio of the old, with a modern twist. The watch is very basic in design. A dual digital, fully funtional chronograpgh watch. One other thing; it is very easy to set. The only problem is, it is not back lit. So the digital part of the watch is useless at night (if incase you happen to be doing something in the dark, at night).This is the only disappointing fact about the wrist watch.            You might think a watch that cost $60 will have a self supplied light, but it does not. SAD. SHAME ON CASIO. Apart from that, i love the watch
I have bought this watch for him every 6 years.  He has owned three so far.   After replacing the battery, it is not as water resistant.  Also, the band has broken on two out of the three of the watches.  I gave it 4 stars because of the degradable band.  No other watch has movable bezel, analog and digital time, with an alarm, for under $100.00. 
My wife brought me this watch as a Christmas gift. I could not be more pleased. Nice big face and rugged. Decent quality. I may just get the gold or black version next.
this is a nice watch and give accurate time. I gave only 4 stars because it took me a hard time to pull the crown to adjust the time
Lightweight, great price, self adjustable...this was the perfect gold toned watch for me!  I shopped around and Amazon had the best price for this watch
It's a beautiful, simple, elegant watch.  Been eyeing it for a year, never have seen it at such a fantastic price. Job well done
Your service, products and suppliers are the BEST!! 
Excellent service, excellent products and peace of mind when ordering.    Thank you Amazon You're the BEST!
This is a great looking watch.  It is handsome and elegant. The face is large and easily viewed.  The style is easily those you see in $1000+ watches, but obviously does not have the engineering of the more upscale models.  A real bargain for such a handsome watch. 
I am very pleased with this product and have had numerous positive comments about how sharp the timepiece looks.  The dial is much larger than most watches but I have big wrists so it was perfect.  The size also gives an updated look.  The only negative comment I have is that the watch is pretty thick and binds on shirt cuffs but that is a minimal problem.  Great reproduction watch
This pendant is small, about the size of a dime, and very light. It is one-sided - the opposite side is hollow. It appears exactly as shown. The chain it comes with is 18", which is pretty standard, and has a circular clasp with the knob you have to pull on
Shpping items like these to an african country will always be scary, but it arrived in very good condition. Nothing was damaged, and the chain and little black pouch was well picked. It was a surprise pendant for my girlfriend, she expected just one item, but this moon was well priced, so I bought it with another pendant. You are lucky to get such beautifully crafted art at this price. It is strong, so no need to worry about breakage during shiping.
I like it, and wish I could keep it, but it was a gift.
I was surprised at the quality. The bracelet and necklace matched perfectly. It was a great gift for my 23-year old daughter. She loved them
my wife was surely surprised when she rec'd this gift now that she is in a retail lsdies shop. To dress up and add pearls looks fantastic. thanks well worth the price
Very beautiful pearls. There are visible blemishes, which makes them appropriate to wear at work without me feeling overdressed. The uniformity is very good. All pearls are more or less same size. Beautiful clasps too. However I have to agree with the previous reviewer that it is hard to handle without help, especially the bracelet. Took me about 10 minutes to put it on my wrist. The color is slightly yellowish. The shape is good: kinda semiround rather than potato. They'll make great gifts.
The set is absolutely gorgeous in person, and I'm sure that it will only get better over time as the pearls gain in luster. The clasp is also very beautiful with an intricate design, and it's incredibly secure when fastened; however, it's difficult to maneuver and I can't imagine ever being able to put the necklace on - or get it off - without assistance. That's the only reason I wouldn't give this five stars - the quality and the value of this set are otherwise great
My husband loved it, great watch for a great price. Does everything he wanted
I needed a basic watch for time and running and this fits both well
i purchased this watch expecting an inexpesive one, which i got. but i recieved more than that, it was cheap in price but definately not cheap in quality. my watch has held up to drenching rains and with stood the "water resistant up to 50.00 meters" label with ease. very comfortable, easy to reset, and has all the bells and whistles. i love it!!
I love this item!  I bought one for each of my bridesmaids as their gift from me.  These jewelry rolls are beautiful and appear to be very useful in holding jewelry.  There's even a place to hold your rings.  :)
I ordered for my Grand daughters Xmas present and she loves them...
Mission accomplished !!!
I have recently bought this pair of earing and the matching bracelet for my son's care-giver.  When it arrived my sisters and I were tempted to keep them for ourselves, they were lovely.  I particularly like the make and the feel of the bracelet. They are what I would term "fun" pieces but not in the least suggesting that they are for younger persons only.  I am in my 40s and would enjoy wearing these pieces.
It was a good buy at the sale price.
Oddly enough I also liked the packaging, the items came in a regular protective brown cardboard box that protected the little "gift boxes" on the inside
I was very pleased with the service of this seller.  The earrings came within a few days, and I love them.  I have been asked more than once where I got them.  Thanks
I like everything about this watch except the hands are hard to read in dim light because of the yellow background
My husband is very picky. He LOVES this watch. He has gone through a lot of them and loves that it's dressy yet casual and can wear it anywhere. He loves that it's a substantial weight  and the bracelet came extra long. He's 6'2 and "large boned". Had a watch repair shop take a couple links out for only $5. Great investment
I was honestly expecting some cheap necklace that felt like plastic, considering the price.  I was so very wrong! The necklace is gorgeous! The clasp is sturdy and not easy broke.  Package it was mailed in was also very good. I am able to Christmas wrap it in the package provided.  Excellent service.  THANK YOU!!
This is my second one of these winders, so obviously I'm a fan. Winds my Rolexes and a few other ETA autos perfectly, but it doesn't seem to keep my Seiko kinetic diver or Panerais wound sufficiently. Still, as far as I'm concerned, it spreads the lubrication enough to keep the watches in good health. For the price point, this winder cannot be beat and I will purchase more in the future. The auto timer keeps the winder running cool. Fairly silent rotation, depending on the watch. While the gear rotations themselves are completely silent, sometimes there's a slight shift of the watch as it goes around, which makes a repetitive sound. Nothing I can't live with. Highly recommended
I've read all of the reviews . I too own this model . It does what it was designed to do . BURLWOOD is much more ....overpriced ? People sometimes need to be taken by the hand . Especially the overpriveleged . You don't know what it's like to be rich untill you've been poor . AND...you don't know how good your winder is till' you find the proper direction . AS in all things , others are not going to do it for you ALL of the time . BUT in this case I'll make an exception . Some watches wind in both directions...you know - GO BOTH WAYS ? AS do a lot of ....back to the winder lesson , and some only go ONE WAY . Find out what way you need to go and GO THERE !...PROBLEM SOLVED ( help me..this isn't working...oh , PLEASE ! ) The moral too this story is "in a plastic world try not to always have WOOD !! GOD gave you a brain . Read my revie
I bought this watch and it is cute but the face is smaller than the picture makes it look. Luckily it was for my teenage daughter and not for me. Cute though
This watch is a great looking watch and the indigo light gives it all it needs to meet your everyday use.  Because of its gold tone and silver tone band you don't have to worry about what color jewelry you wear with it because it matches it all.  Well worth the price
Hasta este momento ha sido una experiencia muy favorable, pues el reloj ha funcionado perfectamente y el tiempo de entrega estuvo dentro de mis expectativas.
I wanted a watch with a metal band and a large analog dial. I wasn't quite sure that I would like this watch when it arrived. It was a women's style, but it was larger than I thought it would be. I had to first take it to have some of the links removed, but I was amazed at how light it was when I had it on. I love the easy to read face and the indigo feature is a must for any watch you own. I wear it everyday and I love it. It arrived with a brand new battery and the stem was pulled out so you knew the battery was new. I recommend this watch
I am delighted to get my new Timex watch. It is  even prettier than its picture!  It is easy to set, too.  I bought this watch for its looks and the larger dial, so I am very satisfied.  It will need links removed, but one size just doesn't ever fit all
I really like my new Timex.  It is very classy looking and the face is very easy to read. I like the date feature and the lighted face in the dark. The only drawback was, I had to take it to my jeweler to have some links removed, but the charge was minimal. All in all, good value for the price
I work in construction and am constantly having to replace my watches because of damage, this watch is great because it is sturdy and can be clipped out of the way to prevent breakage
This is a really nice looking watch. Keeps accurate time. Would recommend to anyone considering. Did a lot of research and Amazon had the best price with free shipping
My trusty Seiko of 21 years gave out recently (I should really remember to take it off when doing strenuous labor) and I went in search of a similar style.  I received this replacement about a week ago and I love it already.  It's light-weight and easy to read in the light or dark
Thanks !
 I  DON'T HAVE  ANY PROBLEM !
   I"LL  CONTINUE MAKE DEAL WITH  YOU 
Great Price. Super nice watch
The diamonds are real sparklers. They are simple for daytime wear and sophisticated enough for a night on the town. A good value!
These earrings are a gift for the upcoming holidays.  I think the person receiving them will really like them.  
They are a great color and are a nice size.  I would totally recommend these. 
This is a very good looking watch.  It goes with dressy or casual and it makes you feel well=dressed
This watch was purchased as a gift and I was pleasantly surprised when I received it.  The quality is excellent.  I had read in another review that the watch was a little bulky, but I found it to be in line with watches of the same type.  This watch works well with casual and work attire and I was tempted to keep the watch for myself.  In fact I regret not purchasing one for me to keep.  Buy with confidence.
I got a really good deal for this watch and it looks great too, very classy
No complaints, it's a nice change from a more feminine type of watch I usually prefer.  Very nicely priced at Amazon
I received this off my wish list from a dear friend and I must say, it's stunning.  It's both delicate and sturdy.  The craftsman's shift is beautiful, in what you would expect a piece to cost four times this amount.  The stone is beautiful and large, without being gaudy.
It's a stunning piece of work.  All you lads out there, should buy this for you lass, and make her very happy!
Wonderful piece I highly recommend for quality and price
There isnt much i can say about this item just that the picuture doesnt do the item justice and the seller was great to deal with easy transaction and no problems
This is a very nice ring, I bought one for a gift and decided to keep it myself and ordered anothe
Very nice quality and reasonable pricing. This is a great place to see a variety of jewelry. My college-age daughter fell in love with the bracelets instantly
Just recieved mine today! Its very beautiful. It is a weighty ring though and the moonstone is a but smaller than I thought it would be but all in all it is a great buy.
I bought these earrings as a birthday present.  They are very pretty.  I am pleased with the quality and the price
It's hard to tell the size of these earrings from the pictures; however, they were about 2x the size that I expected.  I couldn't have found a better gift than these
I bought these earrings for my niece, and after they arrived, I immediately ordered another pair for myself. I find them actually nicer in reality than in the picture. The size is perfect, and the amethysts, although very small, add just a little color accent. I bought them on sale for $15 instead of the usual $50, and I am very, very pleased with what I got for the price
Nice watch. very simple. Hands are very luminous. Like the magnified date window
There's nothing bad I can say about this item. It is by far the lowest price I've seen for something of this quality. And hey...she loved it.
They are small, but sparkly and look very cute.  My 15 year old loves it, and wear it every day
Prompt delivery.  Good quality. Well worth the price. Actually just the right size for all occasions. Many complements on them. Thank you, Kathi Abbot
She's out of state taking care of her cranky parents (mom damaged a hip, dad is helpless when these things happen), and needed something to boost her spirits. She loved it--she prefers small jewelry, so it was perfect for her.
I use this watch both as a daily timepiece and for timing my runs. The ability to turn off the digital display gives it a refined look, even for an Ironman series. I like the catch incorporated into the watch band so it doesn't pull out of the guide (something that used to drive me crazy with my other watches). If you're looking for a sports watch that you can wear out on the town, this fits the bill.
Timex Ironman has been my kind of watch for long time now.  Great watch to wear anytime
I found this pair of studs to be nice for everyday wear.    They look much better than the ones found in Macy's fine jewelry and they cost less.  Personally I would not go over 1/3 ctw with this quality because the flaws would become obvious.  I am very satisfied with my purchase
I love it. Very nice watch! A little bit heavy, but this is the way I like watches, and the price is not that bad.
This is one of the best watches available and I have no regrets whatsoever with my purchase at a real bargain price from Amazon
Tempora mutantur, nos et mutamur in illis - The times change, and we change with them... this is a perfect watch and probably you won't change your time machine for a long time...simple and beautifu
It is a good watch under $200 price range. If you buy it, you will love it forever. One thing I hate is little bit heavy, but not a big deal. :) 
My husband has really liked this watch so far.  The price was great for such a elegant looking watch.  He wears it when he dresses up.  He really likes that it is Kinetic.  We don't have to worry about replacing the battery.  The last watch I bought him was a fossil and we had to send it to their servicing center when the battery died and had to wait 4-6 weeks.  The kinetic seems to be working out great
This is a sleek, sharp, quality watch, and the lowest priced model that I've seen in the arctura series. If you can catch it on sale, I think its a great buy. However, be prepared for the weight. This is the heaviest watch I've ever worn, and probably the largest. If you're used to wearing stainless watches, it will probably be fine for you. I'm used to leather bands, and the weight difference is quite noticeable. Wish I could find this watch in titanium, that would be perfect. Overall, if you're not bothered by the large size or weight, it looks great, and I'm sure the quality is also. 
I really like the watch it looks good, feels good on my wrist and keeps extremely accurate time (gains about 4 sec per month).  The price of $[...] at amazon.com was very good compared to others I found in local stores or on the web
The picture does not do this watch justice.  It is a very sturdy watch with a nice looking all silver body and band.  It does not look cheap at all! 
My husband just loves this watch and can't get over the great quality for the price
Item came to me fast.  It is very confortable and very reliable.  I don't have to worry a regular chain sticking in my neck or pulling my hair when the necklace moves. I highly recommend this necklace for sensitive skins or active people
I like it beacuse you can hang almost anything from it, and it looks good.
The only downside is that the clasp is too big to get more delicate items on to it.
I love this bracelet but the clasp is seriously defective.  I contacted Sabrina, and they were great about sending me a new one ASAP, with a label for returning the other one.  That was impressive, and such responsive customer service is not to be undervalued.  Still, the clasp is a product defect, and I'm sure one of these days I will probably loose the bracelet b/c it comes undone unknowingly
Great set of earrings at a very nice price.  Thanks
These earrings are so cute!  They are a great size for a toddler, but probably a little large for a small infant.  It is so hard to find safety back earrings that are cute.  These are a beautiful rose pink color - very sweet. 
my son needs a watch and this is ideal for him its cheap and it non breakable
I rounded up from a 4.5.  The shipping was on time.  It was within the specification advertised, but one of the diamonds is much more yellow than the others, even without a hand lense it is visible.  Other than that I am very happy with the service and product.
Thank You,
Jason Bett
Great value and excellent quality.  Better than anything that I've seen locally.  Highly recommend
We love the watch. It's totally adjustable, press the button for glow-in-the-dark feature. The two lizards "chase" each other around the watch. Too cute
I bought this watch for my husband for his bday. It was a great bargain, very stylish, and he loves it. The only problem we encountered was w/ the so-called "smart link" band.  It was supposedly designed for the customer to resize the band at home, but after numerous failed attempts, we gave up. We Googled it and found several people who encountered similar problems solving the smart link mystery but no one offered a solution. Even the Fossil website was no help. We ended up paying a jeweler who sells Fossil watches $10 to resize the band.  Other than that, my husband is very satisfied with this watch.
I wanted an automatic watch for a while, and I was attracted to the green trim on this model. The watch is big and heavy. This is probably true of most automatics. My issue is that it seems to be too thick. I think the glass/crystal back adds a millimeter or so. 
The band has a slight problem that I can probably fix. Right where the metal of the band contacts the case, one side of the band has bent slightly causing the band to interfere with the rotating bezel. I may have caused this when adjusting the linkage, or it may have come delivered that way. I think I could simply detach the band and squeeze it back into its proper shape. I have actually left it alone as I do not want the bezel to rotate, and the defect is not visible.
As far as accuracy, it seems to have gained about 20-30sec in a week. 
Had I seen the watch in a store and tried it on, I would probably not have bought it. I was not happy when it arrived, but I have worn it for a week, and I am now glad that I picked it.
The only other issue is that I wish the luminous markings were brighter. I purposely picked the black face to be easier to see the markings in the dark (as opposed to the white face), but I have had better luck with other watches
I am a college student and member of the Army Reserve with knowledge of manufacturing/production processes.  I value pieces of fine engineering, precision and design.  I have always admired automatic watches, someday when I can afford one I will purchase an Omega or Rolex.
I can tell that in my particular watch there is a minute dust on the hour hand and on the pendulum.
First off, this watch should be appreciated for what it is, an automatic watch for a reasonable price.  There are no batteries, no electronics, just gears and springs.  Some automatic/kinetic/whatever watches use a pendulum to charge a small battery, these do not interest me.
Pros:  automatic movement, sharp visual appeal, day/date function, supposed shock resistance (haven't beat it up enough to know if this is true but I trust the claim having researched the manufacturing of the movement).  See-thru case back so you can watch the mechanism do its thing!
Cons:  It is not a Rolex, so don't expect perfection.  The band and case are solid but lack the heft, fit and finish of a Rolex level watch.
Bottom Line:  If you want a truly automatic watch for about 100 bucks this is a great choice.  Orient watches and other Invicta models are supposedly are just as good.  You will get compliments on this watch
I bought this for my husband.  He likes the large, easy to read numbers and says the expandable band is comfortable.  A very nice watch at a reasonable price. 
bought this watch as a gift i was not disapointed another great vaule from amazo
I am pleased with this watch.  It is inexpensive, yet has a lot of features.    The only negative is that the band is a cloth material and not as easy to keep clean as it would with a leather band. 
I read the reviews for these earrings and I am very pleased with the results.  I purchased my own pair and get plenty of compliments too
Really great quality for the price.  The hinges are well made so I don't worry about them falling apart when I wear them.  They are not white gold and diamonds. They are what they claim to be: Silver and CZ.  I like them!
As I said in my review of the bracelet, (which I bought together), I thought from the pictures that they might be bigger, however my wife was pleasantly surprised.They look much more expensive than they are. This is my first experience with cz but not my last (we're remodling a house). I recommend this seller for their shipping & quality of merchandise
I bought this pair of earrings for myself over a year ago...when they were new to Amazon (no reviews).  I wanted something that looked pretty but didn't cost me a lot.  I loved them....loved them so much that when I lost one down my sink drain, I wanted to buy another pair.  I am currently waiting to receive my second pair.  For the price and the beauty, why not!  No one will know they aren't real diamonds
I got this as a present after putting it on my wish list.  I love it.  It is really delicate and pretty.  It's a little smaller than I thought it would be but still one  of my favorite pieces of jewelry.
Saw the exact same watch in several jewelry case around town for $125 more. Very satisfied with my purchase
I purchased this watch on Amazon after looking at the same watch in JC Penny and Dillards for almost $200.00 more. It's a nice casual watch, I wear mine to work as a nurse and its very durable and attractive. The mother of pearl face is a pale pink so it doesn't clash when wearing other colors. For the price, Seiko watches are great, mine usually last about 10 years of frequent wear getting wet regularly. 
After a good deal of shopping both online and in retail stores we are delighted with the product, price, and service through amazon.com  -- I recomend this watch highly
Received the watch on Saturday, Dec. 23, which was ordered Thursday, Dec. 21 in the late evening. The watch is beautiful.  Thank you for the great service. 
I love this watch.  It keeps wonderful time. I have a bigger wrist, so I am glad it has a latch so it won't fall off.
for the price.  It is well made and solid.  Perfect for my kids
I m very happy to buy in amazon , shipping was perfect and on time.
This watch is exactly what I was looking for. It is a small, pretty, functional watch that is quite durable.  It has plenty of features, but is not extremely complicated. The color is slightly lighter and more purpley then it is in the pictures
The watch performs as advertised.
Atomic clock.  I live 2k miles from Ft. Collins and the watch automatically syncs every night, even if I don't put it near a window.
Solar recharge.  The watch arrived with a low battery.  It charged up to full after sitting in the sun for an afternoon.  Since then it has been on full charge with no special actions on my part.
The watch is big and heavy.  I take it off when typing because it slides down to the end of my wrist and knocks against my hand.
The watch's user interface is unintuitive.  This is the first watch I've owned where I had to read (and re-read) the manual to set an alarm or the hourly charm. I find the Timex interface and the old-style Casio interface much easier to use.
In the interests of saving battery power, the alarms are short and quiet.  I can't count on this watch's alarms to wake me up.  It'd be nice if the watch had a power-hog mode with loud insistent alarms and long illuminations.
All in all, I like the watch.  It is nice to have a digital watch that sets its own time and doesn't run out of batteries.  I wish the user interface was more intuitive, the alarms were more effective, and the watch was smaller
The watch arrived in timely fashion and was already set up.  This watch is super.  However, it lacks a timer.  I left the Timex Ironman for this watch.  Timex's quality is horrid (a watch per year) and I changed to the Casion G-Shock based on a recommendation of a friend.  I am glad I did.  If they ever get a timer in this watch I'd buy another
This watch arrived very quickly, and it is a very fine watch.  I had an earlier Casio Ceptor watch and the battery died, I couldn't find anyone to replace it so I needed a new watch.  By the time I had ordered this watch, I actually replaced the battery myself in the old one.  So now I have two atomic watches, but the G-shock is superior by far and is ruggedly sturdy and should last indefinately with the solar power, just be sure to get it to full charge by putting it in direct sunlight until it indicates full charge.  A great deal
I purchased this watch as a Christmas gift for my husband.  He was quite surprised and pleased by the Atomic solar features and replaceable watch band.  The watch is a little bulky and fits a bit tight under his sleeves on his dress work shirts.  Overall, very pleased and a great value
I am in the Army and because of that this watch has it's pluses and minuses.  I travel the world, so the multiple time zones is awsome.  The time stamp feature is great for when I need help remember when a specific event happened.  As for the solar power.  It's great in that you don't have to worry about batteries, but most watch batteries last close to five years anyway.  In the Army I find myself doing lots of night missions, and I can go months without seeing the sun because I have to catch up on sleep during the day.  Well, this doesn't really work with a solar powered watch.  I get by, but it can be a hassle some times.  All-in-all, this is a great watch, and if you don't work at night then the solar power won't be a problem for you, except maybe in the winter when you wear coats that cover your wrist.  Just take that into consideration when purchasing a solar powered watch
I bought this as a gift for a friend, and it was the perfect combination of brown leather for casual dress as well as the beautiful simplicity of silver to match classier wear.  Whether you're looking for something casual or more formal, this bracelet wraps it all into one
I never had a problem with mine,I'm a marine and the fact that I went trough    combat with mine and held up made it worth the few bucks I paid for it.I go trough watches like they are made of paper,had this one for 2.5 yrs and other than a lot of scratches it works fine
I'm ;logged in on my wife's accont. I never had problems with the band. I liked the first one so much that after I ran over it with my car, I ordered another. If you think of it as a throw away watch and keep it for two years, you'll love it. It has a very intuitive design, is lightweight and just works
I bought this watch to replace an older similar model. It is simple and functional; perfect for being both a timepiece and a running watch. The functions are easy to use and the Indiglo feature is crucial for nighttime training
Ditto to all the positive comments on the previous posts. However, I have not had the problems with the bands like the many have mentioned. I've had two of these watches now, going on third as the battery has died on number 2, and I have never had an issue with the bands on my first two. I wear mine all day, every day, even in the pool or shower, and it's held up well. The light did go out seemingly "too soon" but then I notice the battery was beginning to fade as well at the same time. I wear mine all day, every day, in pool and shower, and it's held up remarkably well. The only negative is that it seems the battery goes quickly ... but maybe that's due to using the alarm daily and training with it. 
It is an inexpensive watch (compared to many other options that are out there) and given its ease of use, its very readable face, and sleek look, I'd take the chance on it
This is my second "Sleek 50" -- the first was fine until the battery died, then I tried to put in a new battery (bad idea)and managed to mess up some of the inner workings. 
Highly recommended (the watch -- not changing the battery!
I have three holes in each ear and I really needed some tiny diamond earrings for the top holes.  These are wonderful! They are small, but exactly what I wanted. Such a great buy for this price
I went out on a limb and decided to surprise my wife with these for Valentine's day.  I purchased the white gold version for her, and to my great astonishment, my wife was pleased by my jewelry choice - a first!
They come in a smallish box, with a smaller felt bag - that holds the tiny earings (the picture in Amazon must be under a micron microscope!).
They are tasteful, and understated
I love, love these earrings. I bought them because I wanted a pair of earrings to wear all of the time. Unless there is something special then I will change for a special occasion. But, these earrings I wear in the shower ---- they are always shinning and they never rust because they are real gold. I received these earrings before the scheduled delivery date
The earrings delivered were as described and will certainly work for me.  I was a bit disappointed in the strength and flexibility of the gold wire.  These earrings were much more flexible that the 25-year-old pair I was replacing.  I doubt that the new ones are as strong and will hold up as well.  However, they do what I need them to do and can be worn around the clock without irritation
Excellent Watch (Eco-Drive) I would spend the extra hundred and purchase the titanium
I bought a Nighthawk (although one with a leather band) about a year ago and I have been very pleased with it. It looks very masculine and classy, and the style will certainly age well. The slide rule takes a little figuring out, but it's very useful. It keeps time pretty well, too. I've only got a couple of complaints:
The leather band, which I picked because metal bands have always been uncomfortable for me, is a little too large for my wrist. Even when I use the innermost hole in the band, the watch is still kind of floppy. 
For the price, the watch could have a sapphire crystal instead of a glass one. 
Those conplaints are very minor compared to everything I like about the watch. I didn't want to give the watch five stars if I had complaints about it, but my rating would probably be more like 4.75 stars. For the price, it's a great value.
This is my fourth (a fifth, limited-edition is on order) Eco-Drive. I collect a lot of watches but these are some of my favs to actually wear and use. They are the most accurate watches I've ever owned, bar-none.  The Nighthawk is solid, well made, and a delight to wear.  There are few watches on which I'd change nothing, but this is one.  I also got an excellent price and great service.  Many thanks
Threaders are "in" and these are about the most elegant looking threaders I've seen.  The stones are a nice size and it is obvious that it is a butterfly.  It is nice to have such a refined option for such a "hip" style. 
I bought these for a friend for Christmas as she is a butterfly lover.They ar beautiful. Dainty yet elegant.She loved them. It was hard for me to give them up
The earings look much better than pictured online.
I received this as a gift and love them
It is small and beautifull, be sure you want a small one
This watch is gorgeus, it's a very big watch (it doesn't look so big on the picture), the screen can be set to black or red, looks good either way. Very confortable
this watch changes the background color from red to black, is great and the leather belt is soft but resisitance
I purchsed this watch a while ago and I have to say it is simply great. The animated feature is simply the face switching between red and black which can be set to hold at either color, which is a feature I have found to to very fuctional as it allows for me to switch to the color that better complitments what I am wearing. I have had this watch for nearly a year and it still gets comlpiments weekly. My only criticism comes from the fact that it is not like some of more of the trend watches that have a wide band that actually cuff around the entire wrist, from which this watch takes its styling cues. Nevertheless, it is still a great watch that looks good
This is a gorgeous and "delicate" looking watch. I can read it without my glasses and so far it works. I've had trouble with Timex in the past, so I hope this holds up well. It is very pretty and can go with casual or a nice dress in the evening
Classic style and leather, too!  The perfect little black watch at the perfect price
I always wear timex and never have  a problem
This watch looks so sleek it wears well with day/evening wear.  In addition it makes a great travel watch. I love the feel of the nice soft leather band
I chose this watch because of the stunning, and currently very fashionable, 'Rolex green' colour - and because the price was right. 
So how does it stack up? 
Nice bright yellow display box to keep it safe during shipping and storage, watch was well protected as well with clear plastic wrap over all surfaces. 
The quality and finish are excellent, and the watch is easy to set for day and date. 
It has a clear back, so you can see the motion spring mechanism at work - pretty cool. 
Clasp and strap are well finished and work well - rotating bezel lines up perfectly at 12 O'clock - nice sweeping hand movement. Great look and great value
I love this watch, and I love the price. It looks good both casual and dressy. It goes with just about anything. The people at Invicta are really right in that you should try to match your watch with your belt and such.
The material is high quality. I have large wrists, so it's tricky to get on and off initially because the leather is quite stiff. But it's been loosening and so it's much easier now
I have had this watch for a few months, and so far it has served me well.  It is very solidly built, and has survived a few falls already.  It is accurate enough to get me to work on time.  I do have to wind it about once every week or two, mainly because I don't move my arm enough, I think.  Note that this watch is fairly big (on me anyway) and the strap is quite stiff when new.  It has started to loosen up now that I have had it for a while.  I like the look, and I think it is dressy enough to wear with a suit, but still casual enough that it doesn't look out of place with jeans either.  A reasonable price for a decent watch
I very much like these earrings.  My only reason for not giving them a 5-star rating is that the topaz is quite small.  You really have to look closely to see it.  But, they are excellent quality sterling silver and still beautiful.  I recommend them, just be aware that the stones are tiny
My boyfriend got me this watch for Valentine's Day and it is gorgeous!  The face is very small as other reviewers have indicated, so if the recipient likes smaller face watches (as I do), this is a great gift.  It looks more like a bracelet than a watch; good for small wrists.  Elegant-looking & classy.  I love it!
this is a tiny, compact watch with elegant design. it is fit for the women attending the formal parties. plus, it works great. this price deserves its value
This is a very nice watch.  It is smaller than it looks in the picture, but I actually like it better that way--it is delicate and lady-like.  The pink face is subdued and the steel band is polished.  It makes a nice dressy or everyday watch.  I have seen similar Seikos in the stores for much more money. 
My reaction is quite similar to the other reviewer.  I received my watch a few weeks ago (only took three days) and was impressed by its classy look---all my other casios have been basic black clunkers.  I like that the toggle switches protrude, so it's easy to activate them---those old recessed ones drove me crazy trying to get a nail or golf tee in there. It has all the features I wanted, but I had the same reaction about the alarm.  It's less assertive than the other casios I've had, and I don't think I can trust it to wake me up early or if I'm tired. I've already decided to buy an inexpensive alarm to put by my bed.  Because the screen showing the digital data is small, it's not always easy to read what's on it, especially if the watch hand is partially obscuring the screen, which somehow seems to happen a lot.  The back light only goes on one second at a time, and isn't very strong, so there's a good chance that you won't be able to read the digital screen that quickly.  FYI, the 10 year battery claim is based on using one second of backlight each day, so you better look quick and look sharp----but not often.  So.......great looks, but personality could be better.  That's life
Bought these as a Christmas gift, and think think they are adorable! Great for a second or third hole to add a splash of color. Possibly perfect for a young daughter's first hole. The stones have a very nice sparkle. Wasn't sure if 3mm would be too small, but I think these will do just fine. This set came individually boxed but in a clear plastic holder so that you can easily give as a set, or break them up for individual wrapping. For $49, I'm very satisfied
I am very pleased with the locket.  It is a nice size, but not too big-definitely large enough to be engraved. The chain is pretty and appears to be strong.  It arrives in a lovely black velvet pouch and box.  My daughter was delighted with it
Someone near and dear to me loved it...and the price was right!  Valentine's Day is coming...it makes a great gift
I bought this necklace after reading reviews about different types breaking easily. This one is very good so far, and my wife loves it. For the price I paid it is a great product
This necklace is beautiful.  The chain is not skimpy and the heart locket itself is really pretty.  A great alternative to an expensive locket at a fine jeweler.  A true steal at a sale price of under $30.00
I thought this was a very pretty lil keepsake.  I think simple is very nice, and it's simple in design and what not.  Plus it's not too expensive and as a "thoughtful" gift it will win lots of points
I bought this locket and got it engraved with my sons name on it(Caden) It looked great. You could fit 5 or 6 letters on it. It was a good locket
I believe the heart shaped locket is a one-of-a-kind thing.  It is appropriately sized to allow for sufficient size pictures while not being too large.  The silver is clean and smooth looking just like the pictures.  Due to the size of the locket, a dainty, smaller chain is sturdy but does not detract from the locket.  Therefore, while I was concerned about the chain size and negative reviews, I took a risk and am happy with this purchase.  The pictures were easy to insert and there is a plastic film to put over the pictures for finger prints and some protection.
Good gift.
Sincerely,
The guy who usually blows it on the Valentine's Day gift.
A really beautiful watch with very very nice casing. Adjustable strap which fix easily on my 4 and 8 year old children. They love it
The facets make the chain quite sparkly. I found it perfect for all my pendants, not flimsy but not too heavy, and not twisty like some other type chains.
This is a nice chain with a durable lobster claw clasp. The diameter is somewhat small, but I will probably order another chain with a larger diameter
I am thoroughly satisfied with my purchase - the earrings were more beautiful than I expected - I will definitely purchase jewelry from Amazon in the future!!
These came in great condition and with a nice box to store them in! They are very pretty, but if you don't like heavy earrings these won't be for you
The product arrived quickly and without a hitch. I really liked the earrings when I saw them. They were better than expected. I'm very pleased. Thank you.
I had seen the "gold/orange" face version of this Casio watch for years but didn't know it came in black (and white) until I found it on Amazon. I really like the classic good looks of this watch... nice rugged case, smooth-clicking rotating bezel, sturdy band, etc. For &lt;$60, this watch truly delivers awesome quality and value. The digital features are great too. I've received a few compliments from co-workers on this watch already. Overall, an awesome watch for the money and I couldn't be happier with it
I've owned this model for about seven years and I think I'll buy another to keep on standby in case I break the original (I'm not gentle with my watches while working/playing).
Tough, pretty easy to set, good features, and classic "diver" style at a great price. What's not to like? Wouldn't mind having a light on the LCD, otherwise it is proven a great investment.
Battery lasts ~2 years with the alarm going off every day and watch band life is about the same (cracks develop after a while). No corrosion (duh, stainless steel) and good resistance to scratches on the crystal so far.
A great item, I received the watch box storage chest very quickly and was very happy overall with the purchase. It was as described, in perfect condtion, and a great buy, too
This is a beautiful watch storage box. Great value. My husband is a watch collector. Plenty of room for the large Invicta and Croton watches. Nice design and color. A must have for anyone with a extensive watch collection.
My husband has become an avid watch collector so I gave him this box for Christmas. The design of the box is as attractive as its contents. My husband says that it is easy to use too. From the looks of things I will have to get another box for his ever increasing collection
Beautiful box to hold most of my watches.  Have two other watch boxes that hold 11 watches ea and some rings.  This box holds those watches in less space!  Having no place for the rings is not a minus in my opinion.  Nice being able to see 10 of my most worn watches at a glance!  Another 10 in the drawer below.  If you have several watches that you want to put in a nice looking, good quality box you will not go wrong buying this item
This is a real nice-looking box. I'm expecting great leaps in organization for all my wrist wear. Tech Swiss also receives an A+ for getting this out to me so swiftly
This is an outstanding purchase at a great price and quick service and delivery
thanks amazo
I love all of the bracelets that I've purchased from this vendor. They are cute and inexpensive... also, I've recieved so many compliments on this bracelet. I'm very pleased with this jewelry vendor
I HAVE BOUGHT SEVERAL OF THEIR BRACELETS,BUT THIS ONE HAS A SPECIAL QUALITY TO IT,IT LOOKS SO EXPENSIVE,AND IS SO PRETTY,MATCHES EVERYTHING,WHAT CAN I SAY,I GUESSS THE LORD WAS GOOD TO ME,FINDING THIS AT A PRICE I CAN AFFORD,THE FIRST TIME I WORE IT,I GOT A COMPLIMENT,EVERYONE WANTS TO KNOW WHERE I GOT IT,I LOVE THIS BRACELET
I bought this watch a couple months ago and it is superb. It IS a BIG watch but I am a big man and it looks quite hansom on my wrist,but if your not a big guy I woudnt recommend this model. Now onto the timekeeping.When I received the watch it ran a bit fast (30 sec. daily) so instead of waiting the 6 weeks to sent it to Seiko for repair, I took it to the local Seiko dealership/jeweler and had them regulate it for $30, well worth the money and now it runs great. This watch is an absolute tank, I wear it every day, it gets banged around quite a bit, and there has yet to be even the slightest scratch in the hardlex crystal.
I love this watch,
  I thought by looking at the pictures and reading other comments that it was going to be big and bulky. I was immediately surprised at how light it was. It is easy to read and keeps good time. It is also a very handsome watch. The rotating bezel is a quick and easy way to time anything (lasting less than a hour). Highly recommended!
I received the product early, and was just what I expected. Nice packaging and great product. I would buy again...  Thanks Amazon
Oddly, the SKX175 I received is actually a SKX009K! What a steal at $129!
The watch is a 5-star based on price alone. But the jubilee bracelet gets a 1-star!! It's cheap feeling and loose. The center links are fold-over, NOT solid. At this price though, it's not surprising that something got cheaped out like that.
Overall, I give it a 4-star rating. Missing tag!!! False advertising (perhaps to the benefit, as the 009K is perceived a little better) that it's really a SKX009K rather than a SKX175 (has Singapore labeling on lower edge of dialface, whereas the SKX009K does not have any country markings). Great buy for sure!!
cheers
This watch is a classic. I have no issues with it losing minutes. i am very tough on watches, i never take them off, and this watch has been a real tank. i was needlessly worried that the red and blue dial would chip or be scratched off. i am amazed that it has not b/c i have accidentally scraped, smashed it into doors, walls etc...same for the dial, tough as diamonds. it is a BIG watch, so it may not be for everyone, but if you like the styling, it is a steal. and the seals will never weaken b/c it will never be opened to change a battery. i am very impressed
I love the look of my Seiko. It's the best for the money. I will buy more Seikos in the future. It's a great product
I had my order within 48 hours!
Product was great as well !!!!
I will purchase again from Pugster.  The only negative is it took a while to get here once I ordered, but the quality is great
This necklace came exactly as pictured with a nice big blue box to store it in.  I feel it was a great value for the money.  I would recommend purchasing if you like topaz jewelry
These are very well crafted little earrings. I love how they look, and the price just can't be beat! These have made me want to buy many more things from Silver Insanity! The only problem I did experience with these earrings is that the post is rather long, and it pokes the side of my head when I sleep. Otherwise, I couldn't love them more!
As a tarantula keeper (I have 5 at home), I always try to look for unique items such as these. Caution- they are really tiny! I've already lost one of them. (Guess it scurried away)
It's nice to see that they actually look like tarantulas and not true spiders
PROS:
The blue topaz stone is beautiful with great quality and great cut.
The white gold is a perfect choice to combine with the blue of the stone and the diamonds.
CONS:
the chain is kind small and thin.
the diamonds are tiny with less than good quality.
OVERALL:
I am a pleased customer.
I bought it as a gift for the Topaz stone not for the diamonds or the chain.
By the way she looks stunning with this necklace
I was kind of worried when I read some of the other reviews for this, but I'm so glad I ordered it!  It is sooooo much more beautiful in person than in the picture.  It's wonderfully sparkly and just the right size.  It did take a bit long to ship, but it was worth the wait
This is SUCH a gorgeous bracelet! I'm glad I ordered it for myself.
Very pleased with this bracelet.  The crystals are gorgeous.
It is a WOW bracelet
When I received this bracelet I was absolutely knocked off my feet!! It is larger than it looks in the picture and is absolutely stunning.
needed a gift for my mother in law who has everything; including great taste.  she collecgts the swarovski figures but didnt have any of their jewelry.  i came upon this accidentaly and took a chance on ordering it.  it arrived promptly; in time for Christmas; and it is very stunning.  not gaudy at all; just classic style beauty.  could probably be worn to her office each day (upscale casual) or if she is dressed up.   the price absolutely could not be beaten for what you are getting.  i liked it so much i wanted to get one for myself; and i am not a huge jewelry fan
Service was great, ring is beautiful and of good quality, it was set promptly
This product has helprd me to easily open the back of my watch and replace the battery.  I am sure it will satisfy me when I want to change the battery on my more expensive watch that has the back that screws on.  But also since I have "N" scale model trains the tweezers and small tools have been most helpful. i.e pliers, hammer, etc
This is a good collection of tools that you should have if you want to do minor watch repairs at home.  I had 5-6 watches lying around and I could not use them coz they ran out of battery.  Was able to open all of them with tools in this kit.  It doesnt have any user guide but if you have used tools then you will be able to figure out where to use what and how.  The quality of products is pretty good too .. at least nothing broke during fixing 5-6 watches yet.
I am very happy with the purchase.  The hammer was missing from the kit and when I called the customer service, they immediately sent me the hammer
This is an excellent tool set for beginners. The quality of the tools is not professional grade, but more than adequate for the hobbyists. For the price you pay, this is an excellent deal. A little more money than some of the other kits being sold on Amazon.com, but well worth it as you get a complete set
I love the workmanship in this piece. Nicely done, and Silver Insanity has Awesome customer service
I bought this necklace because it was very on sale, and I was surprised by how much I loved it when it arrived. The beads are actually somewhat darker than they appear in the picture, which looks nicer and is easier to match to an outfit. It's a bold necklace, but it can dress down quite a bit with the right blouse
I was browsing through Amazon when I came upon Nvie jewelry and I absolutely love it! I bought this necklace for my mom for her birthday, but had a hard time not keeping it for myself. The necklace was really nice, well constructed, and it was shipped quickly. It looked just like the picture, but I have a feeling that each piece of jewelry is truly one-of-a-kind.I would recommend Nvie Designs to anyone for buying really lovely, affordably priced jewelry.
I have had many compliments on this watch.  I have the satisifcation that it cost MUCH less than a jewelery store. PS...  It's also my dive watch
What a great buy!  Beautiful and high quality watch for a great price.  It is probably an older version of the Seiko Coutura watch, but it really does not matter.
This watch is very rich looking.  The price was phenomenal!  I saw this for sale at other retailers for $300.00 plus!  I have received numerous compliments
The watch is very pretty, sturdy enough for everyday wear and elegant enough for dressy occasions.  Excellent price and fast delivery.  I like the dual tone watch band, because I wear both white and yellow gold.  The gold isn't as brassy as what shows in the picture.  Excellent value
I purchased this as a gift for mu niece and she thought it was so pretty.  She liked to weight and she says it is staying nice
Very nice piece, just beware of the size, it's much bigger than it appears in this picture.
It does hang nice on the silver cord, however, the clasp is backwards, and with the cord, it does not flex to the correct position. 
I bought this gift for my sister-in-law and it was beautiful. It is high quality and looks great.
I just received this today.  Somehow I completely missed that the pendant is on a silver-wrapped wire and not a chain.  Had I noticed that, I probably would not have ordered this piece - and I would have missed out.  It is very nice.  It has a nice weight to it - not too heavy, but substantial.  The wire lays on my neckline just right, and the pendant looks beautiful. I'm very pleased with it.
This is a beautiful piece. Very substantial and unusual! The only thing that would have made it better is if it had been made with a bigger bail so it could accommodate larger chains than the neckwire it comes on. Regardless, it was well worth the price
I was impressed with the quality of this pendant including the packaging!  I've received several complements on the quality and unique design.  For me it signifies John 15:5 "I am the vine and you are the branches..."
I am very pleased with this fine piece of jewelry.  Thank you
This is an excelent machine. pricsie timing and wondeful design. I will recommend it to any lover of good watche
This Invicta is a great watch if you are looking for a giant size timepiece with a touch of elegance.  It is well designed and the fit and finish is good.  The Citizen automatic movement is a workhorse and very reliable.  When you open the box, this watch will impress you and everytime you wear it, it will be noticed.  It is not for the timid.  Comments and more information can be obtained through the www.invictawatchforum.com.  See what others think and general watch information
My sister loved her necklace. She was very pleased with it, and so am I
It's a beautiful pendant...the stone is genuine and very beautiful. I love it
It's pretty but functional.  My daughter wears it constantly and can roughhouse around in it and it's safe
am very pleased with my purchase, speedy shipping will use agai
Great ring for the price.  It is very pretty on the finger and comfortable, not too heavy
I love this ring! nice and simple, goes with my skin tone great. I use my hands a lot at work and this thing hasn't scuffed yet! Great buy, great price. Will definitly buy from them again!
Never off time, never wind, never re set, the true lazy person's watch
Exceptional value for the money! The watch is beautiful and the recipient was particularly impressed that it had the correct time and date upon his opening the present.  No more watches that say the 31st on the 1st of the month
WATCH IS A VERY STURDY AND WATER RESISTANT TIME PIECE HOWEVER, THE RESIN BAND IS VERY UNCOMFORTABLE AT TIMES
I have had this watch for two months now.  I have been working hard for these couple of months banged the watch around.  It is still scratch free.  Working outside on the car and the battery fully charged. and has stayed that way since.  Of course I was not working under the hood that day.  This watch is very bulky and although you should not work under the hood with a watch on it would be really bad.  The watch comes a full .75" above the wrist.  
The atomic part works great.  I live in Delaware and my home seems to be in a void of most radio wave, yet I get an update while I am sleeping with the watch on.  
Simply, a tough bulky watch that should not have any trouble getting the atomic time and charging the battery.  The LCD is to small to use any of the other features,  except maybe the alarm, but dont get this watch for any other features
The charm itself was slightly smaller then expected but for the price it was fine. Shipping time was good
I received these earrings as a gift, and I don't know what they are made of, but I get an awful lot of compliments on them.  They seem to change color in response to what I am wearing.  I would definitely order other Silver Insanity items
The earrings were a gift and were most warmly received!  They were a real hit! 
I have two pairs of earrings from this company and they look amazing.  I can't tell if they're plastic or glass but they really do look as beautiful as in the picture, and I always get compliments when I wear them.  Sometimes people ask me what stone they are, they can't even tell it's synthetic!!  No bubbles or anything like the bad review here says
These are dainty and somewhat small but lovely to wear to work.  Diamonds are a nice, clear quality. 
These are so danty and comfortable to wear.  Was an excellent price as well.  Thanks for the offer
Arrived timely, a bit smaller than I had envisioned but beautiful and comfortable to wear
These earrings are perfect to wear every day: 
* they are comfortable to sleep in - no need to take them off in the evening
* they are small and classy - will look great with any outfit
They are exactly what I was looking for, and I'm really happy with them.
To help you see the size of these earrings and how they look on someone's ear, I've uploaded an image of this earring in my ear - see it in "Customer Images"
        This is my second Casio watch of this type. The watch is maintenance free, adjusts itself every night and takes care of daylight savings time.
I am pleased with the watch. It is flashy and keeps good time.  However, I am still trying to figure out why it stops from time to time.  I think I inadvertantly push a button that stops it.  It is a small annoyance but has happened 4-5 times in the last month
I've been through generations of digital watches with plastic bands. My wife thinks they look nerdy but I like the alarm and other gadgets. I'm tired of wearing these things out though and wanted something that looked nicer. This is a very nice looking, sturdy watch which was what I wanted. It also has the window with the digital time, date, alarm, etc. My only complaint is that that window is tiny and not easy to see. Also the light for night viewing is wimpy. The watch works fine and is very nice looking but I wish the window were a bit larger. 
One year later the digital window keeps setting it self back to Jan 1 and 12:00 noon. Poor quality. Look elsewher
This is the second of these watches that I have owned.  I'm tough on watches and I had the crystal replaced on my first one but it leaked and moister got inside - still runs fine, just tough to see.  The flat crystal on this watch could be just a hair more recessed and then there would be little chance of chipping it on the edge.
This watch has an LCD that supports an alarm, its own time separate from the dial, stop watch, and date.  This combo is getting more difficult to find but is ideal for traveling and keeping the dial on home time and the LCD on local time (so alarm goes off relative to local time).  To find this in a Seiko or similar watch you will spend north of $100 and more like $200.  Getting this watch for $70 with free shipping was a no brainer.  I paid $110+tax or so for the first one five or six years ago in a department store
I totally love this necklace. It goes with many things I own and really enhances a low neckline. I get compliments each time I wear it
It's a good value for anyone with NO time and a SMALL budget!  Five stars for value
I purchased this as a gift for my secret santa, and she wore it a week strait
I bought this watch on Amazon for my husband, who is an avid runner, and he LOVES IT !!  He sometimes has difficulty with the heart rate while running because of sweat (so he says) but otherwise no complaints (and he can be a tough critic)
my husband loves the big face on the watch that's tilted for easy viewing while running. he never takes it off - even in the shower. the heart-rate monitor reads clearly and easily
But no calories count.
I love this watch despite that, it's well designed, the chest strap also links to the machines in the gym (most that say POLAR ready).. so that was a great surprise
The chest strap has a battery that is user-serviceable as well as the watch, so you don't have to send it to the manufacturer (like the POLAR HR).
Overall I think is a good buy, but the is missing the calories count, that would be my only upgrade.
I purchased this for my wife on Christmas. She loves it. Looks wonderful, though it is smaller than it appears in the picture
I bought this for my boyfriend as his Valentine's day gift. He loved it! It 's a great price for this watch as well.
Are you tired of replacing watch batteries?  Do you bump into things with your watch?  If so, buy this one.  It's a beautiful, practical watch that's available at a very good price.  It winds itself mechanically as you move your wrist about.  No batteries.  It's shock- and water-resistant.  Bang it around, swim with it, wash dishes with it, shower with it.  No problem.  It's gold-plated stainless steel, with a gold-plated stainless steel band.  It's beautiful.  It's big, so if you have small wrists, buy the ladies version,  If not, buy the men's version.
This dainty heart looks absolutely beautiful on.  It picks up the colors of your clothing.  It is an amazing price for such a beautiful pendant
For the price - this is a great buy! Colors are good - has a nice weight
to it! Would buy more from this merchant
The review below by "Owen Wilson" is pretty funny.  He never took it out of the box, and it stopped running, so he returned it.  LOL!  It's an automatic watch, dude!  You have to wear it to wind it, or it stops.
ANYways, I've had mine for about 4 months now and barely ever take it off.  It keeps excellent time, gaining only a second or two a day.  I really like having this wonderful piece of classic technology on my wrist, I like the size and substantial weight of it, and it's very comfortable to wear.
I took a star off the rating because the original strap developed an unpleasant odor after a couple of weeks, which no amount of scrubbing would remove.  I replaced it with an after-market Italian rubber strap.  3 months later the new strap still smells pleasantly of vanilla, which I guess is a common additive in real rubber straps.  Who knew?  The original strap looked a bit beefier and more diver-like, but the new strap has a deployment clasp which is handy.
Occasionally I wish I had bought the SKX007 instead, as I like the look of the round markers, but it hasn't bothered me much that these are square, and I prefer the second hand on this watch.  I really like the way SAT is blue and SUN is red - reminds me it's the weekend.
This is my first modern automatic and overall I'm very happy with my purchase.
I purchased three of these hearts bracelets for my three daughters for Christmas.  They are very pretty and they loved them.  The quality is good for price.
Great item, don't go looking for huge diamonds, but it looked good over all.  And my girlfriend loved it so I guess that's the most important thing
Lovely little apple charm.  Just what I wanted.  Picture a little deceptive, though.  I thought the charm would be larger than it actually was.  Otherwise - Great item.  I'm happy
The 30 reviews before mine gave pretty complete description about the watch. I'll just say it fits very well on my relatively small wrist.
If you like the watch but think it won't fit well because you have small wrist. Don't worry, it fits just fine. Enjoy.
After wearing this watch for few weeks, I realized I am just like many others, wearing the Calibre 2100 exclusively now.
Great looking watch, and I shopped around for the best price for about three weeks before I ordered from Amazon. Shipped lightning quick also
Overall, the product is great.  I have had the watch for nearly three months now and have had no problems with it.  The quartz movement is very accurate, the chronograph works very well and i use the alarm every day.  The only drawback is that you have to reset the date on months that are less than 31 days.  Otherwise this watch is fantastic and with the eco-drive, you never have to worry about repacing the battery.  And the titanium version is so lightweight that you hardly notice that you are wearing a watch
I got this watch some couple of months ago and absolutely loved it. It looks,feels and functions really good and got lots of positive comments from my peeps. Now for the reason i cant get give it a 5-Star (i really wish i could); IT DOES NOT HAVE PERPETUAL CALENDER. i was looking for a watch with all of the 2100 qualities and also with perpetual calender. I hate the fact that i have to manually adjust my watch and painfull enuf, i have to leave with this flaw.
If you dont mind a watch without a perpetual calender then you would love this watch and literally bite the finger off of anyone that puts their finger on it but i want a watch with perpetual calender and this doesnt not fully cut it for me.
Very high quality watch, I recommend these to all luxury-fans, works without any problems, my old Citizen Chronograph are working for over than 12 years by now daily used
I have banged my watch against all kinds of hard surfaces and am pleased to say that this thing is built tough.  Everytime I've accidentally hit it against a counter top or wall, I worry that I might've scratched it, but everytime (knock on wood) it's come out clean.  Another good thing about this watch is that it's light.  For a big watch, it doesn't weigh me down like a stainless steel model.  I've gotten many compliments on it.  I love it
This watch is beautiful.  I cannot say enough good things about this watchs design.  Its 45mm face is bigger than most watches but doesnt look gawdy, it keeps perfect time and is very light weight.  I bought the Calibre 8700 before this one and I love both of them but I would give this one a slight edge.  My two small complaints are that this watch doesnt have the perpetual calender which is a very nice feature that the Calibre 8700 does have, and also that this watch uses mineral crystal for the face and not Saphire.  I am sure the crystal used is scratch resistant but it is no where near as resistant as Saphire crystal would be
This item is exactly as advertised. Well designed, well made, and heavy. My only complaint (and the reason for the 4 stars) is that the chain is way to short. I knew this when I ordered it so I had other arrangements made, but a 26" or 28" chain would be much better, in my opinion, than a 20". Great value for the money, however
This was a gift and was lovely and beautiful. Not too big, not to small. Delivery time was great. Strongly advice to buy this
i am very pleased with my purchase .The item came to me in 3 days via dhl in a new condition well packed and safe .Recomended for reasonable prices .
I absolutely love these earrings. Very well made, beautiful design and a lot of silver
This is with out a question one of Timex's Best watch. I dont know what the the band problem these other watch owners are talking about! Band has normal life span and is VERY EASY to change! Has plenty of room to get to the pins if you need to change the band. Good job Timex and Amazon!!!!!!
Thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Bought 14 Fossil watches for Christmas gifts, all arrived in fine shape from Watch Zone. Of the group this was one of the nicest. Perhaps a little heavier than one would expect. Recommended
This was my first fossil watch I usually buy Burberry or D&G, but I was so hard for me to tell time on the watches so my friend told me to buy a fossil, so I did and I love it is so stylish and cute. I love the way it changes color from different angles
This is a really fun and fashionable watch.  It has a bangle style band and can be worn slightly loose or snug.  I like the pink dial that changes color.  Depending on the angle and lighting, the dial looks pink, yellow or purple.  I also like how Fossil made the band adjustable.  Remove or add as many links as necessary.  There is no need to have the watch adjusted at the jewelry counter
this watch is automatic, has a sapphire crystal and is invicta, what more can u ask? and all this for just $200.
the piece is heavy, u can taste the quality by holding it, the movement can be seen in the front and back, one of the better looking movs. iv ever seen. i own 7 automatic watches, 3 of them are invictas, but this have the coolest movement inside, it holds the charge up to 3 days and mine only losses 3 minutes in a week.
buy this watch is very very reliable.
light, intricate, and very cute! They came very quickly, and the price was very fair! I have a second piercing in my left ear and I like to wear one there so along with my other jewelry I always have a fairy whispering in my ear :
This chain was exactly what I was looking for!  It is so cheap but really good quality!  I am really happy with this product
A nice moderately priced chain that is very pretty. It is fine, delicate chain and the serpentine pattern has a spiral look to it. The are reflective areas that shimmer every 1/4 inch or so. I am using with a large cubic zirconia pendant and it is quite stunning. The chain feels strong and less likely to tangle. Great purchase for the price
I was looking for a cheap but nice chain. This is perfect. Arrived in two days. Beautiful chain nice, strong and polished. Great buy for five dollars or a little more
Very delicate, very pretty chain.  It doesn't kink up when I wear it, and it's the perfect length.  I have worn this every day since I received it
Beautiful detailed and accurate time piece. I have a few watches and this is one I place ahead of all the others I have. Large face and can be read at a glance
As a field engineer I have to work with tools inside machinery.  More often than not I keep my watch and I have had several scratched watches in the past. So I was somewhat skeptical to wear a nice watch like this but the price seemed right to give it a try. After 9 months of using it daily, this watch has still not a single scratch. The quality is very good and it really looks better than on the picture
The watch is actually better than it appeared from the photo.  One of the few times when I can actually state that something is an even better value than it appeared
Due to my employment I travel extencively, this time piece has in the short time I have owned it forefilled all the requirements I require of a functional time piece at a very competetive price. I would recommend Pulsar as a manufacture to any body reqiring quality and style. At this moment in time I have 4 Pulsar time pieces that I use on a regular basis, 3 are working /daily use sports watches and I have a dress watch for when I am entertaining / partying. None of these watches have ever let me down, I have them regularly, serviced and new seals every time the batteries are changed, regular diving and swimming trips have never caused any problems. My one slight critisium would be the digital read out on this model is a little pale and could do with slightly altering the contrast, however it remains an excellent time piece - Highly recommende
i am studying pilot for now, i order this watch and i think it is useful to me as the flight computer with me all the time, and i don't just use it when i am in flight but also in the normal life, because it look too luxury watch and i like it too much.
I've had the watch for a week now and I'm very happy with it. Both digital and analog time are exact to the second after a week (checked against Apple network time server). The watch looks good and I can't say I've had a problem with the digital display - if it was brighter I think it would tend to be distracting. The slide rule looks good but I doubt more than 1% of buyers will actually use it. One small negative point I have noticed is that although the hands are luminous the hour markers aren't, which makes things a little tricky in complete darkness - a silly oversight, hence 4 stars. Overall though, well worth the money
You can pay hundreds more for the same product, but why?  This watch has everything th emore expensive brands do, but it costs much less.  It is not a cheapy either, it still has the Pulsar durability, and usefulness.  Great buy
First of all,I recieved the item in a very timely fashion..Approx 3 days..Second the packaging was very nice..The chain was a good quality snake chain and the pendent was a very good quality..Heavy and prettier in person
MY GRAND SON CALLS MY WIFE "NANA" SO I HAD TO GET IT FOR HER FOR MOTHERS DAY. GREAT PRODUCT
We don't call our Nana grandmother, so this necklace is perfect
I purchased this watch for three reasons: 2 time zones, backlighting, constant display of day of week/month & day.  Did not disappoint. Looks cool. I bought this watch on the basis of the other earlier reviews -- very accurate account of the features and performance.  I wear it for everyday use
this is probably one of the lightest/smallest watches with an interval timer feature, which is why I got it.  It's also pretty cheap.  It has a decent number of other options as well.  This particular seller had the cheapest price with the most recent model.  very quality
I love this watch. It's perfect for swim workouts and aquathlon races -- takes splits, can do intervals, etc. I use a different product with a heartrate monitor for my runs, but can't use it for my swims (since heartrate monitors can't transmit under water, and also, the unit itself is not waterproof). This Timex has an audible chime under water, and it's easy to set the various functions. It stores your workout splits so you can recall them later when logging your workout. I also love the 3 alarms - my schedule is different every day, so I use the alarms to remind me when to leave work for school, when to leave to pick up my son, etc. I had lost my first watch (same model), but never found another watch that had all the features I wanted for a reasonable price. This is my second one!
This watch has a large display and easy-to-use functions.  I get a lot of compliments on the unique band.  It's small enough to look feminine yet still sporty.  I can't think of anything I would like to change about it
This is the 4th or 5th watch in this series that I've owned. This one allows for multiple interval timing. Fantastic! 
I 'did' the Chicago marathon this past fall. The group that I train with runs for 3 minutes and then walks for 2 minutes on all of our training runs. This watch alternates these intervals, sounding an alarm after each! The buttons are intuitive, making it easy to use even with quite a few features.
The silver and black color combo has held up much better another black and metallic green Timex watch from another line did (The metallic green on the watch face scraped off). The band has openings which is nice (your wrist doesn't get sweaty). Good value
I've used this model watch for the past three years of my cross-country career and have thoroughly enjoyed it.  It's very light and not bulky at all - something every runner looks for in a watch.  Along with that, the interval timer really comes in handy when doing timed work outs or when  simply doing crunches.  The fit is so comfortable and does not cut or chafe.  Also, the battery life is outstanding (+ 1 year).  
Though, I have had a few issues.  I broke off the band that keeps the excess watch strap in place - though that may be my own doing from the roughness of the sports I play.  Also, I've had to return the watch for a replacement due to water damage.  Sure, it was covered by the warranty - but it's still a hassle to deal with if the problem comes up - though, I've only experienced this when steam gets into the watch or while swimming in high pressure circumstances - like when diving.  
That being said, when I lost the watch - I immediately replaced it with the same model.  If you're looking of a light, sleek, and versatile watch this will definitely do.
This pin isn't as pretty in person as it is in the picture online.  It is nice but not spectacular
I ordered these earrings knowing they would be small.  If my ear holes had been a bit more toward the edge of my earlobe they might have fit.  These earrings are *really tiny* and do not fit me.  I need the next higher up size. These are like 3/8 inch, way small for me and also way difficult to even bend/manipulate to open the hoop
The earrings were exactly what I wanted.  The delivery date was as promised. 
These are very nice, light weight earrings.  The look silver and black even though they are not so keep that in mind when you purchase them as to what the will go with.  I wear lots of black so it was a pleasant surprise for me.  Very antique look to them
I ordered these earrings thinking they'd be as round as the picture seems to imply.  They're really nice but honestly, they're not as round as they look in the image, which I found a tad disappointing at first.  They're not totally flat or anything like that but the drops look a bit "flatter" in person than they do in the picture.  I'm not blaming Amazon or Silver Insanity for it since they've done nothing wrong.  Products can look different in pictures than in person due to things like light and camera angles.  I just want to give notice to people who buy these earrings.  And yes, they are a substantial piece of jewelry as the previous reviews imply, but not so big that they're distracting or gaudy or overly heavy.  They're very nice. 
These earrings are a substantial weight even though they are hollow, and the filigree detailing is superb!  I fell in love with these when I saw them on the site while shopping for xmas presents for friends and just had to order a pair for myself. 
These are my favorite earrings: I wear them constantly. They are unique and jazz up even the most utilitarian outfit. They are a bit larger than you might anticipate,and it is a size I really like but which might overpower some. The picture, at least on my monitor, is about life-sized
These are gorgeous earrings that just happened to match a pendant I already had.  I've had many compliments on them
For the price this watch can't be beat.  Very thin, very light, and it gets quite a few comments.  I am anxious to see how the crystal holds up as apparently Skagen is notorious for fragile crystals.  At $75, however, I won't be that upset if it has to be replaced.  Overall an excellent buy for the price and no pulling of the arm hair
Very slick easy to read watch with the contrast of silver hands on a dark blue face. Appreciate the smooth comfortable mesh watchband which easily adjusts to your wrist size.
This is a nice looking watch overall. If you like this style in Black, look for the T233XLTMN.  It is a very very nice watch, and popular in Europe.
the band and face are both SO MUCH darker than they look in the picture.  also, amazon neglected to send the owners manual and warranty information (I had to contact Skagen for this).  the watch is very attractive though
I really like the face and style of the watch. I like the mesh band but the wire may snag clothing or fabric
I have skin allergies, and was not able to find a watch that I could have on my skin until I found this watch. The price of the watch could not be beat, for the chance that I could not have it on. 
Thank you for suppling a great watch.
I'm a picky person when it comes to watches. And I'm very rough with them. This watch has far exceeded my expectations on all accounts. Its so light I often forget I'm even wearing a watch. I've gotten several comments on it as well. The only negative thing I can say about this watch is that the mesh material of the band is difficult to get water out of. I useally take mine off to wash my hands. 
Overall its a good looking, well made, tough time piece
This was my first watch that was over $100 dollars. I was just getting into watches and wanted something that looked great and would stand the test of time. This watch is beautiful. The polished look won't last forever if worn daily, but even when battle-scarred this watch still looks classy. I love that battery replacement is pretty much a non-issue with this watch. Its titanium design makes it so light and comfortable that you might forget you are wearing it. The dial window is pretty resilient, but I would not test that too much. This is for the most part a dress watch. I also have an Invicta Abyss automatic diving watch that I wear occasionally, but I don't wear it nearly as much as I wear my Citizen.
My Citizen is my favorite watch of all time. Its versatility and longevity have impressed me in the three years that I have owned it. I recommend this watch for anyone who wants a beautiful watch that is dressy and still practical for most daily life. I always get compliments about it also. 
This watch is a good buy. 
My girlfriend bought me this watch. Its design is great, and what's better, it's super light (titanium hooray!!). I think no country other than Japan can produce this kind of watch. Citizen, you rock
I have owned this watch for nearly 3 years now, and it has been wonderful.  It looks great, I have never had to replace the battery (according to Citizen, I never will either), and it keeps perfect time.  The clasp is very easy to operate and it fits very well.  It is definitely the lightest watch that I have ever owned.  I only have 2 gripes, one small, one could be a killing point for some people.  
The small gripe is that the crown (used to change the time/date/day) is a bit difficult to pull out to the correct position to move the date (for months with less than 31 days).  You have to pull it only halfway out (pulling it out fully will allow you to set the time), but it has a tendency to go past that to fully out or fully closed.
The larger gripe is that this watch scratches VERY easily.  I use the computer everyday for extended periods in my job.  Because of this, the bottom of the band has been scratched considerably on my desk which leaves dark grey marks on my desk and scratches on the band.  I have also scratched the metal part of the bezel just by bumping into something.  Titanium is nice and light, but probably not the best metal for a watch, especially if you plan on wearing it on a daily basis (even in an office environment)
I got the watch off Amazon for a birthday gift and I must say I'm impressed. It looked good in the picture here, and it looks even better in person! I read about the arm hair pulling problem and I don't have any problems but that's probably because I'm only 15 and I'm Asian so my arm hair isn't exactly long so I have no answer to that. My arm is only about 2.5 or so inches wide so I'm skinny needless to say, and the watch still fits me fine after removing some links. Time is accurate from what I can tell, but I had a little trouble setting the date, wouldn't turn past Thursday at first though I got it to by fowarding the time to the next day. I don't know if it's a problem or not since I haven't read the guide yet. Another thing I'm impressed by is the fact that this watch is solid titanium. Even in the middle of the links. Many cheaper watches are hollow inside the links, but not this one, it's solid titanium all the way through. As others have said, the markers really are very bright in the dark, I tested it in a completely dark room and I was able to tell the time with no trouble at all. I would recommend this watch for anyone looking for a stylish watch that's not too pricy. It's great for everyday wear so don't hesitate if you think it's too formal. If I, a 15 year old thinks it's not too formal, it probably isn't :). Hope this helps some of your decisions
Very nice watch!  Keeps good time and it's extremely light weight.  Looks great
Very light weight, appropriately sized, not too gaudy or flashy, accurate so far, reasonably priced - pretty much everything I was after in a watch
These earrings are of very nice quality and were what I expected. I am pleased with these
Well, this is the watch band that I originally had on my Seiko watch.  I searched the internet to find a replacement.  Amazon had it for a good price.  I ordered it and got it in the mail three days later
We got these earrings for our daughter on her 6th birthday. She loves jewelry and especially earrings. The color is a little pale, the actual earrings aren't quite as pink as they look in the picture. But they are good quality and look great. My daughter wears them all the time.
This was a good buy. These earrings are great for anyday wearing or with evening wear. They look very stylish
Big numbers, easy to use all the functions. I use it for flying and timing my instrument approache
We finally have a stopwatch that fufills our every need.  The display was so large all I had to do was merely glance down.  I've gone through several stopwatches but this one is the most durable
It look very nice will be an excellente gift for any friend, I just have a complaint, they just carry this item in zise 7", but still looking very fanc
I was more than pleased when I received this pendant! It has a nice feel and you actually know it's there, instead of it feeling like a good wind would carry it away. You have to look extremely close to see the peridot in the setting, but that is all I have to complain about! Definitely worth your money
I ordered this watch initially as a gift for someone, and when I received it, I loved the look and feel of it so much that I quickly ordered another just for myself.  It's a very sleek looking watch, very lightweight on your wrist, and the price on Amazon here is at lear 40% below what I have seen it go for regular retail price in the more upscale stores in the malls.  I intend to use this watch for special occasions as I believe it will complement dressier attire. 
I really liked this watch before i bought it, and then I liked it some more for another 2-3 weeks.   but after that it started to seem plain to me.  i want something more fanc
This watch looks incredible. The case is solid titanium and the mesh band is tiny stainless steel links infused with titanium. It really can go with anything. You could wear it with khakis, jeans, a suit, pretty much anything because the color is so versatile. If you're looking for a quality watch, that looks good, and for a really good price well look no further
They were quite a bit larger than I expected, I don't recall if they listed a size on the page.  But I am 100% pleased with the many other purchases I've made with Silver Insanity.
I'm wearing it at the moment. it's lasted this long I don't know why people complaining about. if people wanted a nightvision face for a peice of 18th Century tech. they should just buy a Seiko. Its great for it's sole funtionality which is to look pretty in dance halls. you buy it to get stares guys; or dare I let you do this but; let your "Girlfriends" buy it for you
This watch was a gift for my husband. He loves it! He wanted a slim watch he could "wear around" and this is it
This watch looks classy, wears comfortably and is very light. My only complaint so far is that it seems to scratch rather easily
This is a great watch. The clasp is easy to adjust and takes only 10 minutes to adjust. It was shipped well before the estimated time and is in perfect condition. Well made and light, it's extremely slim. SO if you really like heavy watches, this may not be your choice. Otherwise it is perfect for everyone
this is the best watch if you consider following things: 
1. Looks: the color of dial and the feeling of dial on hands is really beautiful. 
2. Size and thickness: If you search for slim watches, skagen will be your first and final choice. 
3. Mesh Band: This type of band is the speciality of skagen. its un-comparable. 
4. Price: Considering the price for overall quality this watch is really affordable.
Bottom Line: Everyone will notice and appreciate about it.
Another quality item and very pleased.  Looks superb with the matching bracelet..will buy more and more from this company as the prices are so reasonable and the quality is awesome! :o
The Watch is very nice and it came in an excellent condition! It is very beautiful and it has many operations
I bought this watch a month bak an i am really happy wit it..ita sightly complicated to learn but overall its absolutely amazing..its a steal at that price..only pwoblem is that the temperature indicator takes time to adjust.
I was searching for a watch for weeks, saw a picture of this watch and paused. Intrigued  I began to read the specs: alarm, chronograph, thermometer, light, stopwatch, world-time zones and more, what's the catch? $55USD C'mon seriously with all those features is that all? I was still skeptical but when I got the watch & put it on my wrist I was sold. Solid, well crafted, unique sporty/elegant combination. My only gripe is that slight increase in body temperature can give an innacurate room temperature. We can't have the world but CASIO has come close with this price I can honestly say go for it
this watch has it all at a nice price, the display is kind of dark and the band sacrifices some of your hand-hair if u have and i doubt that u don't have, else is a masterpiece, all stainless steel, even base, thermomener and a smart cronograph, plus 3 yrs battery, this is my favourite, no other watch has this price/quality proportion. try it and u will be satisfied, sporty but looks elegant too
The craftsmanship on this watch it absolutely top rate.  Very nice band, not flimsy or cheap. The world time is very cool
I love the look but was a little unhappy with the quality of the small melee diamonds used around the dial of the watch.  They are very milky and personally, I think the watch would look better without them at all if that's the only quality they had.  
Great looking and I'm glad I finally bought it for myself.
Just got my watch today. It is the perfect watch. I have been shopping around and I was thrilled to find it on Amazon for more than $100 less than retail stores! Ilove it.
I had been looking at this particular watch for over a year and simply did not want to spend the money on it.  I found it at Amazon.com for half the price I had seen in department stores so I decided to buy it.  It is a fabulous watch.  I look forward to wearing it each day.  It looks great with really dressy suits or jeans and a top.  It is a great piece. 
I purchased this Bulova watch as a Christmans gift for myself, this past christmas '06. I have a small watch collection & I hadn't really bought such an elegant watch before, so I decided why not? Specially when I researched the price on how much I would save by buying it on Amazon.  By looking at the pics on Amazon it looked so nice, but when I received it  was the most BEAUTIFUL watch I had seen or owned. The diamond bezel is just right it isn't to much glitz nor is it too little, the diamonds are just right & amazing they sparkle so beautifully against the chronograph face & the stainless steel band. The watch itself is a little heavy compared to other watches I own so it is definitely sturdy & above all just a well made timepiece that I am sure will be, not just in my collection but on my wrist for years to come.
I rec'd this today.  I had been looking for a while for a white faced stainless watch and kept coming back to this one from Bulova. (I looked for nearly two years!)  I did some looking around online and in stores and Amazon by far had the best price (they beat everyone by at least $100), so I did what any girl would do, I bought it.  
It is a substantial watch. It's not a watch for someone looking for something dainty or unassuming. I don't think it's heavy, it just feels like you've got a watch on.  I personally like the size and weight.  I plan on this being my spring/summer watch until it dies or something happens to it.  I have a Seiko Coutura with a black MOP face w/diamonds that I love, but I wanted something different but sort of the same and this one was it. 
These earrings are very pretty; I'm very pleased! Nice faceting and sparkle. The stones are a medium/bright green with a little yellow and brown mixed in, which only seem to make the stones more intriguing and beautiful. The peridot stones in these earrings are the prettiest I've owned so far. Highly recommend
I am very please with this purchase. The earrings are a very good quality!
They sparkle well and look as good as anything else I have seen at the mall stores.  I like the non-cup style studs, as I think they allow more light to flow through the stone.  Save your cash and get these.  She will be very happy and you can spend the extra money on fishing lures or something.  ;-)
DO NOT go to Jared's jewelers if they are near you...they are evil people. 
I am very pleased with these earrings.  They are a great quality at this price.  I would also recommend the matching pendant.  Great set!
The earrings were such a hit that another daughter wants to buy a pair
let me just say my girlfriend loved them and then loved m
As soon as I saw this watch I had to get it.  I loved it because it had really nice details and the butterflies are beautiful.  It's a really nice looking and good quality watch.  The only problem I do have with it is that the face is quite big.  If you have a small wrist it is very large.  I still love it and would never return it but feel like it could be a lot smaller.
I just got this watch as a Christmas present.  It is gorgeous.  The only thing is it's a little bigger than I would like it to be.  The face is so femanine, but the size makes it a little masculine.  The face is about an inch and a half in diameter, and the band is a little over a half inch wide.
Because it is SO pretty I am keeping it, however if you prefer a small dainty watch, maybe this one isn't for you.  My friends are telling me bigger watches are "in" now so maybe they're right??
  Beautiful.  Wear them all the time.  Sincerely,  Gai
I was very pleased with this purchase.These earrings are very simple yet elegant.They could be worn with jeans or to a more dressed up occasion.A good choice for the price
The pendant is striking, shiny, and great to look at.  The diameter of the pendant is the size that I expected and the necklace itself is adjustable so you can choose how high or low you want to wear it.  Great purchase, would buy it again
This is my second Skagen watch. My first one, which was almost identical to my new one, lasted ten years of daily use. I love the two-tone combination of gold and stainless steel. My only disappointment is that, at a glance, it is difficult to tell the minute hand from the second hand. I think the hour and minute hands should be slightly more heavier than the second hand. Otherwise, I love the profile design of this watch including where the comfortable mesh band meets the watch face
Bought this watch for my wife, she likes it.
"+"
+ Stylish & expensive-looking
+ stainless steel case and bracelet
+ has a date
"-"
- Not too good for a small hand. Though it is possible to adjust the bracelet to different sizes, on a small hand there will be a long part of the band left (under the "top layer"). It is difficult to make this part invisible, as it tends to come from one of the sides.
- The clasp is tight. Hope it will be easier to open and close after some usage.
- The combination of the brushed metal dial and the golden hands makes it difficult to read, especially in dim light.
- The golden "piece" is actually just a thin film layer on the inner side of the glass.
A very nice watch for the price.  Very low profile and nice flexible band.  Would like smaller face but otherwise a great watch
I'm delighted with my Skagen watch as I was with the previous one I lost.  I find the clean, modern design makes me feel elegantly turned out.  The analog dial is easy to read.  The mesh band is easy to adjust to my wrist size.  The silver color coordinates with my silver jewelry
I love this bracelet.  It's very pretty & looks just like it was shown.  Looks expensive & tasteful.  I have bigger wrists, so I'd like it better if it came in larger sizes..but it goes great with my watch
This bracelet is very simple and elegant. The pav� cz has a great sparkle, but isn't overboard. I also like the fact that it's a rolo bracelet--the links are delicate and small, but very sturdy and have a nice gleam to them. Furthermore, the charm "O" is a nice style and doesn't look gaudy. There are some tiny little dots on the back of the charm (not so sure what those are all about).
This bracelet looks great stacked on top of my silver bracelet watch. Wearing any bracelet can make it hard to type, but this one is cool because you can actually peg it nice and tight to your wrist by wrapping the "stick" part of the clasp beneath the rolo chain if you want it out of the way. 
I get compliments every time I wear this bracelet; so, it's nice that it supports a good cause since it does get noticed. Obviously, if you're looking for fine jewelry, this might not be your choice, but as they say, "Diamonds are forever, but CZ is for right now." ;-)
I would recommend this for those in their teens, but even for women in their twenties and thirties who like the whole sterling-silver bling-thing. Also, definitely recommended for those interested in supporting good causes such as ovarian cancer awareness.
I ordered three pair of these earrings for Christmas gifts for the preteen set and am absolutely delighted.  Very nice quality and beautifully presented, boxed in a small velvet pouch. Absolute perfection
we sent this necklace to our daughter. It arrived actually earlier than anticipated and she just loves it. What a great company to deal wit
 Actually I ordered this necklace for my best friend's birthday and she loved. She is a very stylish woman so I am so thankful for this product. It is worth every cent I paid. And I am thinking to buy one for myself too. :
I ordered it and it came very quickly (earlier than expected). I love this pearl necklace.
Works great, fits well, and has a nice design.  Definitely recommend i
Finally, a phoenix that doesn't look like a dragon! Just the right size, and beautiful detail. I love it
I selected this stopwatch from the many others simply because it has the indiglo feature, and I need to operate in subdued lighting.
Other advertised features are similar to many other stopwatches. 
In use, I have found it to be quite satisfactory. The readout is clear and large enough to be read at a glance. I have not had the need to explore all of the features, but it does all that I would like it to do quite well. There is a short learning curve, but not insurmountable.
If night vision is an issue, this is the only one.... if night vision may be a requirement in the future, it is still the only one. Otherwise, it performs at least equally as well as any others available.
The order arrived on time; packaged very nicely.  They are quality earrings which was one of my concerns buying on-line, and not able to handle them.  The price was fair.  I would recommend and would myself purchase again
I received the necklace and realized that the color was a little more orange than red.  I bought it for a friend and I think she will like it regardless.  The pendant is very large
I bought this as a memento of a brilliant but modest necklace I had seen at the Smithsonian Institute.  I love the grand central stone as well as the modern multi-strands of this design - this combination truly illuminates my evening wear.  By far, the intricate detail present reminds me of the jewelery owned by ladies of the royal court.  With so much class it is still affordable.  This necklace is an exceptional gem.  
The TH watch was a dream watch to the person it was gifted to. It was bought for a friend and he just loved it.
An awesome watch. I absolutely love it. Incredible value at this price
I am pleased with the watch.  It syncs with the big clock in Colorado every morning at midnight.  We also have a wall clock at home which does the same thing and the difference between the 2 is no more the 1 second at worst.  For $40 you can't go wrong.  Only complaint is my wrist is in between removing 1 or 2 links from the watch band so I chose 1.  It rides a tad lose on my wrist but 2 links would make it too tight.  Guess I need to lose a couple more pounds so I can take another link out!
I came across this watch on a Friday sale at well over half off, a great price. The features were more than adequate for telling time; dead on accuracy, plus date and day. I figured setting the watch couldn't be too difficult, there are only two buttons, so I purchased it with a gift card, totally painless.
The watch arrived a few days later and I had it programmed easily within 5 or 10 minutes. The watch band is pretty long so I had to remove a link from each side to fit, no special tools are needed. While traveling, setting the time zones is easy as city codes around the world are listed on the back. The wave ceptor function works fine in Boston and in Europe.
I usually wear more expensive watches than this, but this one looks great,  much better than in the picture. The specs say it has a metal case, but it doesn't. It has resin buttons, case, and back, but with some metal cladding. The band is all metal
This is probably one of Casio's least expensive Wave Ceptors. It synchs every day indoors in a watch case that's not by a window. The digital display shows the day, date, and other info such as which time zone, what time it synched. I'm just concerned that the analog, digital display, and receiving every day will make it a battery eater. It's available in different dials, but the blue seems to be the most common. I give it 4 stars because the luminous paint is not very bright. And the crystal is acrylic-scratches easily. But that's not really an issue because I have about 15 watches, and this one gets very little wrist time
I was pleased with this item.  It was just like I expected
These earrings looked better than I expected.  They sparkle on my daughter's ears.  Very pretty
In real earrings look much better than on the picture. Substantial presence of a nice quality jewellery
Nice quality.  It is a shame that they do not have the same in longer cords as well
Good watch for a firts one!!!!!! simple to handled and very easy to use...thanks a lot!!
Overall, this watch is good: 
  large numbers
  fairly standard set of basic features (date, alarm, stop watch)
  crown seems fairly resistant to scratching
  Indiglo lighting is great
Contrary to the description, however, the chronograph does NOT have a lap capability; it only has a split function (2 way).
As a reminder, it does not have a countdown timer, which seems to be a common theme for many Timex watches
I ordered one of these for the time I spend in the gym and on the track running, also it is a good choice if you go swimming every once in a while.
Of course, for that price you are not getting a professional sports watch like the Omega's Seasmaster, but for occasional use it's just great. It has all you need - stop watch, alarm, the nice light that Timex calls Indiglo, etc. It also comes with a black plastic strap that feels good and unlike leather is really "water-friendly". Anyway, who needs a 50m water-resistant watch if the strap can "survive" nothing more than a splash of water.
As far as accuracy - so far it's OK. I had it for 4 months now and I had to adjust it only once -- it was 2 seconds behind.
It doesn't have the fancy functions that you would find in the Casio's G-Shock series, like address book that stores 50 names and numbers or a sophisticated stop-wtach that can split times or measure per lap time, nor it has an altimeter, but then again you can get it for less then $20.
Overall, I give this nice Timex 5 stars - it's a great value watch for occasional use
Great errings. I got these for my 12 y.o. neice but decided they were too long for her, but loved them for myself, very cute
Swarovski has been making crystal jewelry since 1892, and their consistent quality has kept the company going through wars and the rise and fall of empires. These excellent earrings are made of sterling silver and Swarovski crystals, and are quite attractive. If you are looking for some nice, crystal and silver earrings, then these are the ones to get. 
By the way, they look great when combined with the Heart, Star and Starburst crystal tattoos - which I also highly recommend!
And my wife liked it.  It's shiny.  What more can be said.  :-)  I wish the smaller heart was a little larger.  You can barely tell what it is
Let's face it, it's hard to find a watch that has it all: a nice band, a decent color scheme, an elegant but not overbearing look.  This has it.  I'm sure some will say that the animation is too much, but it's very subtle, and it can be stopped at the tough of a button.   The crystal is not too large, and  not too small, and the band is tough
Bought this to use at work since I had to send in the one I usually wear for repairs. Lumi is extremely bright when charged. The Monster has gained 1 minute in 2 days which is not bad for an inexpensive Seiko. Swapped the band with a NATO, fits a little bit better on my wrist. Overall a good purchase
See all over for double the price. Works great, get lots of compliments more the my more expensive watches.
bought this as a gift for my brother.  he was impressed by the quality and feel of the watch.  he wears it, so i think i did pretty good considering he's a tough person to buy something for
This is a rugged no frills watch that uses old school technology to do the job so they won't be around for long.
These earrings are the beautiful deep blue of genuine sapphires and the 1.0 carat size is just the right size (anything larger might tend to look "fake".
I've purchased from this merchant many, MANY times and always find myself typing in *Sabrina Silver* whenever I need or want a new and inexpensive piece of jewelry...they're the best and I've never been disappointed. 
Beautiful & deep blue round crystal post earrings.  I love them
These earrings arrived in time for the holidays.  Beautiful earrings - excellent price, fast shipping
This is the only watch my husband has worn to work for years. We were happy to find it online, and the price was good, so we bought 2 of them
This is a great ring for the price.  It is smooth, low profile, perfect size ring
Got this at Amazon for a great price. The design is by Edwatd Mirell whose collection of mens's jewelry is unrivaled (sp?). This bracelet sells at Michaels Jewelers at the Mall for $100.00 I'm getting some of his other designs here at Amazon. You won't regret it. It's an elegant but masculine bracelet. Happy Holiday's.
Este es un lindo producto, hermoso y elegante, pero se raya muy facil. Igual me gusta y lo uso todos los dias, pero no creo que sea algo de muy larga duracion
You know how usual it is to see people wearing the tiffany love charmbracelet? This looks exactly like one of those, with a twist. It look more like tiffany bracelet with follie follie charms and its a watch. At a price like that, it's a steal! However, the bracelet is a little too long for my wrist. What's more interesting is that the box of the watch works as a clock itself. How practical can that be. If you are looking for a chrambracelet, this it is
best item I bought for a great price- I would like to see more like thi
When I recevied my watch,I was so excited! It looked so cool in the picture and ever so when I got it. The harry face on it was neat and the case that comes wit it was so detailed! Can't wait 2 sport it when the movie and the last final book arrives!!!
LOVE THE WATCH.  IT LOOKS EVEN BETTER THAN IT DID IN THE PICTURE.  IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE A GIFT FOR MY NEPHEW BUT I KEPT IT (I KNOW I'M TERRIBLE) BUT I ORDERED HIM ANOTHER ONE
These earrings are very pretty. They are a nice size and they aren't heavy at all, very lightweight. I have had them for a week or so now and have gotten nothing but compliments on them. They are great and so is the price! The vendor sent them very promptly and there were no problems.
My grandma's 10 year old Yorkie just would never shut up.  He barked at our cat, at our parrot, and anything that moved really.  We bought this collar, and it worked perfectly and immediately.  One bark and it sprayed, and he would go running off...and stop barking!  I felt kinda bad for him, but his reaction was hilarious.  I couldn't stop laughing at him, poor thing.  However, he did learn that if the collar wasn't on, he wasn't going to get sprayed, so he would bark
I am looking for a new book light, and as a former owner of this light, I was suprised at the bad bulb stats.  This bulb, like halogen bulbs, get very hot.  It is imperative that you do NOT touch the bulb with your fingers when installing or adjusting it.  The oil from your skin heats the bulb to a higher temp. and hastens failure.  Hope this help
I have a 3 1/2 year old Boxer that barks, cries, whines, and howls when I go to work...ALL DAY...I know, I recorded it.  I went to Petsmart and picked up this gadget.  Brought it home and it the manual correct button.  She bolted.  She hates the ultrasonic noise that it makes.  It reduced the amount of noise that my dog makes but only in a certain area and I don't crate my dog when I'm going to be away for more than 8 hours.
So if I'm just running out for a few hours I stick her in her crate with this right in front of her but if I'm going to work I use it in conjunction with the petsafe electric shock bark collar.
My girlfriends dog does not really notice it if he's otherwise engaged but my dog hates it.  Worth the price in my opinion.  Best advice is to take it home and try it.  Some dogs react to it.  Others don't
I received great customer service and a beautiful plant here.
I would recommend this Gardenia to anyone who loves flowers or wants to give a nice gift.
My Gardenia was delivered right on time in great condition, is still very healthy, and smells terrific.
I've gotten many compliments from friends and even my grandchild who said "what smells so good grandma?
I found this to be bright enough for me to read without disturbing my bedmate.  It's a soft light (almost seems like a natural spectrum) and is very directed at the page.  The clip is large enough for even a thick hardcover, and the neck is flexible as needed.  So, functionally, it gets a solid A.
But I wasn't happy that it takes nonstandard batteries (two of those round watch/calculator batteries).  Replacing them is a hassle (though inexpensive) because I have to make a special shopping trip noting the exact type of battery before I leave, and I have to find them in a store with an electronic department.  I wish this light took AAA or something.
The light does include batteries, so you won't need to worry until you run out.  For me, that was  probably around 20 hours or so
The Bissell Flip-It saves me a lot of time cleaning floors and does a more thorough job than a mop
As most people do, I had accumulated several different types of cookware over the years.  It was a real treat to pass these onto my kids and just use this great Cuisinart Chef's Classic set.  I especially love the saute pan
I picked up a dozen in Home Depot for less than $5. Same concept, just a lot cheaper!
Two of them are holding a huge heavy shelf in my kitchen. The hole they make depends upon the weight of what they're holding. I'm sure it's pinhole sized if you're hanging something that weighs a few ounces (in which case, you don't need this - use a pushpin!)
The holes from the shelf are bigger than pin-sized, but it IS a heavy shelf. The hole is still WAY smaller than the hole I'd make using any kind of a hook that would hold such a heavy shelf.
It also takes a little practice to figure out where to hang the hooks (the drop of the hook is below where you might want the thing to actually hang.) This is a small detail, but if you need two of these things and you don't do it right, your object is gonna be crooked. But on the bright side, you won't have a huge hole to patch when you redo it!
Recommended product (but look around for the knockoffs.
After reading every review on deep fryers I could find, I finally decided on this one.  It has been great and I couldn't ask for anything better or more easy to use.
I put it on my cooktop and let my big hood suck away any odors.  It heats up quickly and the food has always come out great.  We made donuts after cooking shrimp and halibut with no cross-odors or tastes!  My family only tolerates fish, so this was greatly appreciated.
Cleanup is easy also.  After waiting for the oil to cool, the pan, lid and rack can go into the dishwasher.  Only the heating element has to be cleaned by hand and it is quite easy.  The oil can be used many times without problems and so it is more economical to use than I originally thought it would be.
I would recommend this with no caveats
This was my first calaphalon purchase and I am so impressed that I plan on using nothing but calaphalon in the future. This pan is shallow and bigger around than normal 2 1/2 qt pans.The unique design of this pan means less cooking time and more evenly heated food. Hand washing the pan is easy. I love this pan !!
I would certainly highly recommend this juicer to anyone! It is stylish, sleek,easy to clean, and has plenty of power to handle anything. I feel sorry for michigan, mix 3 apples and a handful of baby carrots for a great drink! Awesome! Awesome The first negative credit for this must be a lazy ol' prune who wouldn't be happy with anything! Get it now!
The KitchenAid KFPW760 is exactly as advertised. It has three nested work bowls. The inner, smallest one takes a special blade (a smaller version of the standard processor blade). It's perfect for pulverizing/mixing small quantities of things. Pulling the used bowl out leaves the next one ready for use without having to stop and clean something. The same is true for the next one until you reach the largest, 12 cup bowl.
A number of blades come in a well designed transparent and strong storage box (finally, a way to keep everything together). The unit even has with a fruit juicer accessory that replaces the bowl. It's the kind with the rotating hub (two hub sizes are included, one for lemons and a larger one for oranges, etc). While it seems to work, it's not as convenient as a low cost dedicated version such as the Black & Decker, but what the heck, it's worth trying.
The motor is quiet and you get a real feeling of professionalism when using it. At first I was disappointed that there weren't any fancy front panel switch options, but after thinking about it, you only need the provided On, Off and Pulse.
Would I buy it again? Absolutely. Would I buy it again from Amazon? Again, absolutely. The transaction was without difficulty and the shipment actually came earlier than promised
I have the black Fusion in my home office (which is next to a basement-level theater room), and my wife and I already love this machine.  We have tried all sorts of mixes, and we've only scratched the surface of what this machine can do.  This is one of the first times I've been so impressed with a product that I wanted to write a review for it.
Physical properties: It handles travel mugs (if you remove the drip tray, which is largely unneeded anyway), and all our "standard" mugs.  The drink head moves up and down, so it can sit flush against the rim of your mug to cut down on the already rare splashbacks (more common with "frothy" drinks than coffee and tea).  When it brews a filterpack, it blows air through at the end of the cycle to clear it out (and, thus, keep it from dripping as you remove it).  The water tank could be larger (if only because we're so enamored with it that we keep making drinks all day long), but if you have a ready source of water nearby, it shouldn't be a problem.  The tank fits better and slides on easier than the Senseo (which we also have).
Flavor-wise: It's made by M&M/Mars, so you can bet that the sweeter drinks (the so-called Indulgence fare) is excellent.  Coffee blends are quite good, especially the darker roasts like "French Roast" and "Sumatra".  Lattes made with Espresso Roast taste similar to Starbucks, moreso than other chains.
Clean-up: Wipe the inside of the drink head, and possibly the front of the plastic column (the colored portion) after any particularly "splashy" drinks.  No need to worry about cleaning up the area around the machine, especially if you keep the drink head on the rim of your mug.  Of course, you can't watch its magic when the drink head is that low, so your first few times, you'll probably get a drip here and there.
Final bits: We've had the Senseo since its launch.  Between pods that need "pre-wetting" to avoid blowing past the seal of the portafilter to the not-so-great varieties of drinks, the Senseo is lagging behind the Flavia.  We drink coffee, tea, espresso drinks, mixed blends, and sweet-tooth-friendly "indulgence" mixes every day with the Flavia, and it's brain-dead-easy to use.  Certainly easier to clean up after, too!  If you're on the fence between the Flavia and other single-cup offerings (like Senseo), get the Flavia.  Keurig and other single-cup offerings can't touch the variety of drinks you can make with the Flavia.    I'm sipping a lemon/blueberry tea blend now, made over ice, and it's fantastic.  Highly recommended
For quite a while I had been looking for a certain type of DVD rack/tower...then one day in Target I was looking at the Mission collection and saw the box (no display). It is exactly what I had been looking for. Slapped on the two foot ends and done! Perfect fit for DVDs, 20 fit across and if you have a lot of the cheapy DVD cases, like the ones New Line Cinema puts out, you can fit more. I don't have the hassle like some wire racks where you can only fit one DVD per slot. I have many oversized ones. The hardwood is great too, just a few felt pads on the backs to not scratch the wall. If you can wait for them to go on sale every now and then...it is worth it. I am almost ready to buy a third one soon
We have owned other Hoover steam cleaners.  They did a terrific job but all ended up leaking.  We purchased a Bissel and returned it due to the soggy carpet.  We bought the Hoover F5914-900 based on the reviews.  I was confident that it wouldn't leak because of the reviews and the fact that this was made in America.  I was confident it would be a better product and Hoover had gotten their act together.  We have grandchildren and 3 dogs so our carpets are constantly under attack.  I couldn't keep affording to have the carpets professionally cleaned when I knew Hoover could do just as good a job.  Ok...our Hoover came.  My husband put it together and it leaked all over.  I then re-read the reviews and a few had mentioned how important it was to read the directions and put it together by exactly following them.  By then we had already taken it to the repair center.  After a week they had not touched it.  My husband picked the machine up  and brought it home.  We decided to start from square one and put it together again.  He did, following the directions to the letter. Lo and behold...no leaks!!!!!  Yeah!  My carpets are beautifully clean and I am a very happy woman.  So...the moral to this story is always read the directions first
Okay, I haven't used this while reading in bed yet...but as a supplemental light for uses in areas of minimal lighting, it's great! 
The light isn't good for areas that are adequately well-lit, so don't bother to use the light there. But in areas where light is dim, the light shines. Literally. It casts a bright light on the page(s) that you need to view. It's helped me tremendously get through pages of reading. 
Yes, it's a bit pricey for what you get, but it's incredibly compact as it fits nicely in my bag. Imagine carrying a lamp everywhere you go.  The power adapter, however, is a cumbersome brick. As for the limited time in which the light bulb is useful for, I can't offer an estimate of time yet - but so far my bulb has been running for at least 15 hours or so- cumulative, not consecutive hours. So, no complaints yet about that. 
Whenever I saw this light online or in the store, I used to think, "Why in the world would I ever want something like this?" Now, my thoughts are: "Why didn't I ever think to buy this before?
Like many people, I have ignorant neighbors that allow their yappy mutt to bark on and on and on. Despite talking to the neighbor politely and such, they still have no concern for the noise pollution. I was losing sleep, and the barking was getting so bad that I even considered moving! 
In desperation, we looked online for something to stop barking dogs. We came across Viatek's Super Bark Stop and decided to risk the money.
WOW, talk about being worth the money! My husband affixed the device on a piece of wood, and staked it about 5 feet high in our back yard. It's unsightly, yes, but we're the only ones to really see it. More importantly, it's RIGHT IN LINE WITH THE BARKING MUTT. The first time he tested it, he told me the dog about jumped out of its skin! We laughed gleefully. Could a good night's sleep actually be on the horizon...?
It's been several days and Super Bark Stop has worked AMAZINGLY. The dog will lie as far as it can away from the device...when it usually lay in the middle of the neighbor's yard. If it starts to yelp a little, it stops almost immediately. It's as if it's afraid to bark. YAY!
You can select the volume, tone, and number of barks to help eliminate false activation (say, from talking or loud bird squawking). Audible and inaudible both work fine, but we now keep it on inaudible at the two bark setting.
The device is waterproof plastic and you need 4 D batteries (not included) to operate it. 
I am SO thankful we found Super Bark Stop! My nerves were really getting jangled and I was dreading early mornings, when they put the mutt outside. It's amazing at how inconsiderate neighbors are; just because you may want a dog doesn't mean I want saddled with its noise while you neglect it!
P.S. After using Bark Stop for 2 weeks (yes, it did work!), we noticed that the neighbors dog started to bark a bit more. (Not as bad as before, though.) We had it on silent, and realized that it had stopped working. Apparently, it's not 100% waterproof, despite the claims of the manufacturer. The person I bought it from said that "once it's opened, we find that it's not 100% waterproof". Well guess what? You gotta open it to put the batteries in it! Either buy a faux bird house to protect Bark Stop or house it where it won't get wet. Otherwise, you may find yourself in the same position we were in. We got a refund, and fortunately for us, our neighbors got rid of their dog...so we didn't bother getting a new one
They really do work as advertised.  They go right into drywall (be careful not to hit a stud however!) with no muss and no fuss.  I haven't tested them on their claim of support up to 150 pounds, but for basic home picture hanging, etc. they really do work as advertised
After reading every review on deep fryers I could find, I finally decided on this one.  It has been great and I couldn't ask for anything better or more easy to use.
I put it on my cooktop and let my big hood suck away any odors.  It heats up quickly and the food has always come out great.  We made donuts after cooking shrimp and halibut with no cross-odors or tastes!  My family only tolerates fish, so this was greatly appreciated.
Cleanup is easy also.  After waiting for the oil to cool, the pan, lid and rack can go into the dishwasher.  Only the heating element has to be cleaned by hand and it is quite easy.  The oil can be used many times without problems and so it is more economical to use than I originally thought it would be.
I would recommend this with no caveats
I've read a number of complaints about food sticking and difficulty with cleaning.  We've experienced neither of these - make sure the heat is not too high and clean with hot water!  It's a great saucepan and the price was great.  Highly recommended
I received great customer service and a beautiful plant here.
I would recommend this Gardenia to anyone who loves flowers or wants to give a nice gift.
My Gardenia was delivered right on time in great condition, is still very healthy, and smells terrific.
I've gotten many compliments from friends and even my grandchild who said "what smells so good grandma?
My golden retriever has had ear infections since she was 8 weeks old.  Over the years we have tried allergy shots, dietary changes, and prescription ointments - all costing a fortune.  We tried Zymox and it is absolutely fantastic.  Her ear infections clear within a few days of treatment.  The itching and head shaking stop immediately after application, and if I treat her ears once or twice a week after an infection clears, I can keep her clear.  This stuff is great and at 1/2 the price of prescription and no vet charges, I'm happy to keep it on hand
I actually purchased this book light so that I can read while I wait for my child to sleep.  he likes me to be in the room.  This was perfect.  Does not put out enough light to bother my son, but allows me to do something other than stare at the clock while I wait for him to fall asleep
This is worth the money in the materials it is made out of alone.
I am not in the habit of writing reviews, but this juicer earns it.
Perhaps you are like me, and have never used a juicer before. You want to get one without taking out a small loan, because you just don't know if your that into it. If so, this is your juicer.
There are enough other reviews to give you a good idea of what your getting. I just want to back those up with my experience. This is a good, strong product
This is a significant improvement over the 750 model. The 750 model was not very well designed. The first one we purchased broke within 3 days because the blade came up and hit the plastic. We returned this. We got the 760 to replace that. The 760 has been redesigned to avoid this problem. For the same price as the 750, the 760 comes with one extra bowl,  juicer and egg whisk. Compared with others like the Cuisinart and we determined that this was much better constructed.
I bought one of these for my girlfriend... THEN read the reviews! In my opinion it appears to work fairly well. The sensitivity switch needs to be adjusted depending on personal usage. To the far left seems to work best for 'normal' walking. As I said, in terms of accuracy, I think it's pretty good. The radio portion of the unit is reason for the '4 out of 5' stars. The sound is "tinny"; it's NOT stereo; there's NO frequency disply; and the 'super-mini' plug forbids you from using a better set of headphones (earbuds) because the actual plug is too small to accomodate the standard plug size! Though overall, when comparing price to features... this little fella will probably suit your needs. If you already have a Walkman (or don't care about audio) the unit with the calorie counter would be a better bet
Product arrived promptly,in good condition! This product costs twice as much at Vets office. Somebodies making money!!!
My 13-year-old cat was limping for a few days, off and on, and my vet said it was probably arthritis. A friend had told me that giving her arthritic dog Nutramax Cosequin had helped him, and I already knew that regular cosequin has helped ME with MY arthritis, so I bought a box of Nutramax Cosequin For Cats from my vet for my kitty to try. It really made a difference! He stopped limping and could walk farther and faster on our walks together around our lake. He was so happy, and so was I. On my vet's recommendation, I continued giving him one tuna-flavored capsule each day, sprinkled over his food, as a good preventative to slow further joint deterioration, all without the side effects which he might have gottten from prescription medication. I would highly recommend this product for cats and dogs as a first line of treatment for arthritis; and buying it from Amazon saved me about 2/3 of the cost from the vet.
I have used this vacuum only on carpet, as I bought it for my finished basement.  
Suction is very powerful, it is quiet, and the dirt cup is so easy to empty.  The cup is designed so that you push a lever, and it empties from the bottom - very clever and so easy and clean.  It is a large dirt cup so it holds a lot.
Other nice features include a very long cord, and great looks!  The most important thing is suction, and this baby is POWERFUL!!  It's amazing what this thing picks up.
Overall, extremely pleased with this vacuum!
My only complant is that the cord is shorter then I am used to. But I guess it needs to be for the automatic rewind. This feature is a must however since my husband always griped at me for not coiling up the cord properly.
It sucks great, is easy to clean, and light weight. The price is fantastic
We bought our French skillet two years ago, and it has yet to even have one scratch on the cooking surface. It can go in the dishwasher, and although we usually hand wash it, it is nice to know that easy clean up is possible. It gets used in our house every day, and is very durable. I am planning on purchasing more for my family! We also have a covered pan and a six inch pan that we use almost as much. In my opinion, you won't be disappointed in this pan
None of the other nonsticks can hold a candle to this stuff! I bought this and the 8" fry pan 2 months ago and, except for the bottoms, still looks brand new despite being used nearly every day. I even used a bacon press (cast iron) in it every time I cooked bacon and a couple of times I accidently scraped the inside side of the pan with no marks left. Hubby stacked knives and forks inside, then topped it off with 6 dinner plates. I thought it was done for--scratches and nicks everywhere, but no, not a single mark. My Calphalon Commercial nonstick (which hit the trash already) looked like it had been through a war when my 18 yr. old did that. I must admit, though, that I do not use metal utensils in it, nor do I put in a dishwasher since I won't have one til the kitchen is remodeled. Overall, though, just from what abuse it has gotten, I'm very impressed and will buy more. My advice? Don't mess with the rest--buy the best and this is it. Going to try the wok next. Wish they sold an electric griddle with this stuff in it
I ordered 6 thinking I was getting 6 washcloths.  Little did I know that they were two to a package and I got 12.  What a special surprise.  These are the thickest washcloths I have ever had including those I paid a bundle for at "exclusive" stores.  I am so happy with them every time I use them.  They have never faded or left lint.  Thanks for a wonderful product
This is probably one of the best blade grinders out there.  The top locks nicely and serves well as a measuring cup, eliminating the scoop step.  It has three coarseness settings that seem to work well enough to differentiate, along with cup amounts.  The amount lever is a little hard to tell what cup amount its on, however.  Anyways, bottom line:  it grinds great with little mess.
My mother had a set of Franciscan Apple dinnerware as I was growing up, though I never thought too much about what I was eating off of at the time.  Later, as a wife and mother myself, I was looking for a theme around which to decorate my kitchen.  We had just moved to Appleton, WI (16 years ago) so I decided to use an &quot;apple&quot; theme, w/o even connecting the idea with my mom's dishes.  I was frankly surprised to visit my parents and become reacquainted with the Franciscan dishes. Over the years I've collected innumerable apple items, but my goal is to have a set of Franciscan apple dishes of my own!  They do chip, but they last forever and retain their color beautifully
keeps the tank warm for my little fish friend
It's a very secure for children. My daughter is happy with this produc
This is an excellent product. If you are tired of lugging buckets of water back and forth while cleaning your aquarium, and making huge messes, walking in puddles, etc..and taking hours to clean even relatively small tanks, this product is for you. Don't waste your money on cheap suction devices, and buy the python today! (sorry if I sound like an infomercial, I'm just an enthusiastic user). The python attaches to your faucet, you turn the water on full blast, stick the suction tube end into your tank, and you can drain your tank in minutes, or just vacuum your gravel and do partial water changes. Then, you flick a switch and you can fill your tank back up (again, in minutes). I have 2 29 nine gallons and a 10 gallon, as well as a 15 gallon turtle tank, and what used to take me a whole day, now takes about an hour (to do all tanks). I like that I can vacuum the gravel, boy does this thing suck the waste up. This will also prolong the use of your filters and make your tank look great! I was skeptical that this product would work, but am so glad that I bought it. Now I actually enjoy maintaing my tanks instead of dreading it. 
The directions are easy to follow~ even for people like me, who are "direction impaired."
I had a small version of salad shooter, it was great, used it for so many years, but now the blade was dull, and I kind have to push the veggy into the machine to be cut them. I decided the next salad shooter I buy should be slightly larger. So I bought this salad shooter professional series, which is great, having some features that are so important in a kitchen where cooking takes place almost every day: multiple cones to change, large feeding place for the veggy, fast, light, eassy to clean including in the dishwasher,still small enough to store in small spaces,efortless to cut and shread your veggy, no need for knife and cutting board.
What I like the most about this product is the fact that when I put veggy in it to be cut, shread..., the machine almost vaccum them in to be cut, so I do not have to push it in, probable du to sharp blades an fast speed of rotation of the blades. This way your work is done in no time.
In my oppinion it is a tool you must have in the kitchen. 
Admittedly, I am a bit of a knife-buying nut.  I love kitchen knives and own chef's knives and santuko knives from Wusthof, Henckels, Kyocera and Furi.
This Calphalon Katana 6-inch chef's knife is incredibly sharp and it feels really good in the hand balance-wise.  I like the way the handle is shaped, it is very comfortable and the bolster is ingenious.  I love the way it looks too!  For the price, I'd say you can't go wrong.
I really like it a lot!  I have only had it for a few weeks though, but
it seems to be of very good quality and hopefully we'll see how well it resharpens when the need arises.
I have this bowl and the larger one. They are perfect bowls for mixing. The rubber base really helps the bowl stay put. I was them in the dishwasher without any problems
This is a good Bat house but doesn't come with a pole. I would recomend buying a pole or just hanging it somewhere
I bought this grill after reading reviews for many different grills, I thought this one seemed to have the better reviews, so I bought it.  I really love it. It heats up pretty quickly, and has enough space for 2-3 people 4 people would have to eat slower, but it does have enough broiler space, and its square to have people at all 4 sides.  We use it 2 time a month at least and makes a great fast meal.  The only thing that causes some distress is that the grill is not quite as easzy to clean as they say.  Most of it comes off very easily, but some spots of cooked grease remain, it comes of with some elbow grease, and a scrubby, but it would be nice if it was as easy as they said it was
I have used this for treaditional recipies as well as with different ethnic twists..korean bbq, seafood, italian roasted peppers, artichokes, etc.We have used potatoes & bread for topping with goodies..the possibilites are truely endless.. The grill is easy set up, and easy clean up..very family friendly
I bought this Espresso coffee maker to use with warm milk. It is great if you like to make lattes. Or just plain expressos. It brews fast, less than two minutes.  
It makes a great Cuban coffee but make sure you use the coffee like Pilon or Bustelo that comes in pressed packets not the cans.  I do not use Italian roast because I do not think it would give me the same flavor for my lattes.
Having bought the no name preseasoned cast iron pans vs this need to be seasoned cast iron pan, as the tittle says:  Pay the 3-4 dollar difference and get it preseasoned instead.  I'm using the preseasoned more because it is just ready.  
Keep in mind its large and heavy.  Careful in your sink.  Coming from stainless steel and converted over to Calphalon ( mostly bought all pieces from Amazon.com ), if you are use to quick clean up and lighter cookware this is harder to convert over for me.  
Heat kills everything.  If you can accept the fact you are not literally washing everything off if you follow the hot water / salt / scrubbing..  and rubbing a paper towel on the pan comes off dark, then you can get some amazing steady heat to sear with.  But we all pay for convience and these pans I use mostly to sear meat.  With a perference to wash and dry quick in our hurried lives, get the preseasoned. 
Recently purchased this in mid-2006 and it is the best cookware item I have ever owned and used.  As one of those millions who rely on mid-line priced discount department store brands, I can state with 100% certainty I was amazed (and still am) with the high-performance this item offers!  The clean-up is still a dream-come-true, all I have to do is get it in the sink and with a very very small amount of liquid dish detergent clean and rinse, it practically cleans itself.  My burners are all equal size (gas stove) and highest setting is "6" I have learned all I have to do for pancakes is level 3!!  Cooking bacon, an entire pound, is no problem for this cookware.  I do want to purchase more of this item, there is a smaller griddle version of this item also available.  I'm even thinking of slowly switching to this brand "All-Clad" nonstick
I am a contractor and when I recently remodeled Doug and Susans basement I was eventually shown how to use the grinder to make espresso while on breaks.  Unfortunately, I started taking lots of breaks... good espresso!  The grinder is quiet, precise,and efficient, like an excellent sub contractor, or a good table saw!  The grinder was great.  I use a burr grinder at my house but you can't even talk over the thing.  This one whirs below a conversation level, then stores the suberbly consistant ground coffee.  I then pull the lever a couple times to dispense premeasured amounts into the doser that is resting in its holder on the machine, and there it is break is on!!  Thanks for the good times and good espresso.  On my way to hawk some of my tools to buy one of these things, it's worth it
After going through several Nathan's cheap stovetop grilles. I realized,that although I love grilling food, I needed a good grill pan. I did not wish upon a star but a dream came true with this marvelous cooking aid. I use it evry day, It NRVER sticks and the heat is so evenly distrubuted that everything comes out perfect! It also is a handsome addition to my kitchen.
She asked for the little CrockPot. By golly, she got the little CrockPot
i heard that tab water in baltimore city isnt good for health, so i decided to by this water filter. this item makes tab water drinkable. it removes bad smell and taste of tab water. i also read that it filters many different things. because it is designed to be fit in the door side, i could organize well
This timer is great. Light enough to wear around when you do your 15 minutes of cleaning and FLYing!
Keeps excellent time. Magnet is good to put on fridge, or on any metal cupboard.
I love it! best for the $$
Hang this around your neck and you won't forget that next basting or turning on the grill or stove.  Good loud ring, easy to set, and no batteries needed.  Had one for four years and it keeps on working
T-Fal is an excellent quality and a good buy.  Nice, heavy pan and very "non-stick".  Now I just have to find a lid to fit it's large size!
This is my first "electric" litter box.  I have two cats and they took to it the first day it was set up.  It really decreases the usually strong smell of a litter box.  It was a breeze to set up.  I also purchased the tent to go on top and that has worked well keeping the litter from flying all over the cats' bathroom floor. And with the tent they can't hang their bottoms over the side of the box and accidentally leave a BM on the floor.  I'm going to use rewards points from a credit card to purchase the replacement litter cartridges and that will keep the cost of maintaining it down
Great product at a great price. The first shipment came broken and amazon replaced it immediately without the hassles of having to return a broken item.
Thank you
My husband and I fight over this plate when we have frozen pizza. A Tombstone pizza fits great on this plate
I bought this sauce pan last week. The quality is very good. The handle design is quite comfortable. I tested the even heat distribution by broiling the water and watched the water bubbles forming at the bottom of the pan. I found no hot spot. It responded to the change in the heat setting is average. It's kind of heavier than All-Clad LTD for the same size of pan. I'm not sure about how long it will last under the normal daily usage yet. For the initial impression, this Calphalon One Non-stick cookware can stand up to the more expensive cookware such as All-Clad - LTD, Stainless steel, MC2. Look for the bargain. It's worth the cost
This is a great cookie sheet. I chose stainless steel because of possible health issues associated with using teflon or aluminum, and because I know it's durable. My mom bought one elsewhere a few years ago, and when I compared the two, mine was much heavier, and better quality. I would highly recommend this pan - especially since it was part of the 4 for 3 promotion and I was able to get 2 of these, along with 2 of the 9" round cake pans from  this company, for only $30! A great deal
This is a very nice piece of furniture.  Well built, good quality.  It was shipped via UPS and the box was quite damaged when it arrived.  Thank goodness for good packaging, or it would have been destroyed.  One of the doors did have a crack in it and a new door is to be shippped shortly.  A new mode of shipping should be considered.   
I've already reviewed the Miele vacuum cleaner itself, along with the Turbo brush, so I'm a fan of the pricy-but-worth-it-if-you-can-afford-it sucker. If you're reading this, you're probably one too, so I'm not gonna talk about the vacuum cleaner on a net page selling the bags.  I'm just going to relate information on the box about what Miele vacuums this goes with, on the theory that's the main question you have. It's not entertaining, but perhaps it's useful:
S241 - S256 i
S290 - S291
S300 i - S399
S500 - S578
S700 - S758
S4000 - S4999
The box comes with 5 bags (they;re strong, I've discovered), 1 dust compartment filter, and one "super air clean filter."  Miele uses a HEPA filter, known for its allegy protection. Long-lasting, worth it
We bought this topper to replace a worn out topper of a different brand, that after 2+ years was no longer bouncing back into shape.  This Serta topper is just fine, as comfortable as our last one.  My big complaint is that someone at Serta (though Serta isn't the actual manufacturer) needs to measure a queen sized bed, because this topper falls about an inch short on all 4 sides.  If you place the topper in the included protective cover, it's several inches short on all 4 sides.  I know 1 inch sounds minor, but if you're a stomach sleeper and tall enough where your feet hook off the end of the bed, the topper doesn't protect you feet from the stiff edge of the mattress.  As far as toppers in general, we have found that a huge advantage is the how much they help isolate movement across the bed.  You don't feel your partner moving around nearly as much with a topper (though presumably with a full Tempur bed isolates even more).  Definitely choose a topper with the highest density you can afford, and the thickest you can afford
I bought this as a Christmas present for a dear friend of mine who recently began collecting rooster objects.
The entire set arrived in perfect condition.  The colors, red & black are vibrant and striking..the rooster pattern is on each piece and is very nice.    
Very good quality, good size and good price...will make a perfect holiday gift for serving pasta or stew or salad or whatever
I check out all the local stores for a glass-lined Carafe, but could find none. This is a great product. Keeps coffee hot (especially when primed with hot water first)
After several tries and telephone calls to my brother; I finally have the blade in the correct position (I had problems with the directions in the book). It works great now.  A reminder to oil the blades before you put the machine away; they rust easily if damp
This is a GREAT product.  It really holds a lot and is great for stoups (thicker than soup but thinner than stews) and can hold meats like a pork tenderloin quite easily
I've used this for Indian food and it worked really well - you an prepare the meat and keep it on the part with the heat off before you mix it back into the masala.
BTW I own other Anolon Advanced saucepots and love the way they cook and cleanup.
Re: the squishy handle. If you have gripping problems, as many middle age to older cooks do, this helps you.  Don't listen to the young, self-involved, and obviously inexperienced cooks who blast this feature.  Some day they too will develop weak wrists or arthritis and will appreciate this feature
This purchase came with 3 stackable racks - I thought it was only one rack. It stores very easily in a compact space and works well. I don't know if it rusts since I have only wiped the tray with a cloth after using it
This is, hands-down, the best hair removal tool on the market. It grabs an astounding amount of undercoat and topcoat hair. Just one usage of it on my dog cut his shedding by at least 75%. Regarding the complaints: Yes, hair will go all over the place, but that's stated in the instructions; use it in an area where you can sweep or vacuum
This is one amazing tool. We went from vacuuming 3 times a week to once a week. We simply can't believe the difference. The dog seems to love it, too. I don't have to work on him as long or hard or often as I did with the standard rake. I am a fan FURever
I like this winged corkscrew but I had to repair the plastic once when the cap near the wings busted off. Superglue did the job, and I haven't had trouble since
It really does make a difference when some of the chlorine is filtered out of your coffee (and even more so in your bourbon) water, but these filters are a rip off price-wise.  It's hard to believe Braun wouldn't make money selling them at a third of the price
It is one product that my husband misses more than me when he travels:-)
What you probably don't see on the picture well, it stands on plastic, so it does not spill pepper after you are done grinding. Has really easy refill-no mess, no fuss, and you can always see when you need to buy pepper. I don't think there is better pepper grinder out there. Others I saw are certainly better looking, artsy, whatever, but this one is the most useful!
I love this carafe - it is perfect for making flavored water with sliced lemons, limes & oranges. The narrow neck means that the fruit won't fall into your glass while you are pouring and the fruit staying put also means it can steep in the water longer...YU
These bowls are a perfect size for holding one portion.  Much better than plastic containers that melt in the microwave.  I use one almost every day for taking  my lunch to work.  At $2.99 it more than pays for itself every time you use it (verses buying a take out lunch).
I had high hopes for these 600-thread count sheets and they've exceeded every one of them.  They perfectly fit my oversize king.  After 5 washes now they are as soft as ever.  Sleeping on these sheets is simply wonderful
Excellent, when you want to bake a small cake this is absolutely a great small just the right size of a cake form
This is a great pan.  I have a larger one, but this one fits in my pressure cooker.  Makes a wonderful cream cheese cake in the pressure cooker
I love this item. Perfect for storing Pet Food. Special Screw type tops that seals food.  Bugs, Mice Cannot get in.  Easy to wash, let it air dry.  My only issue is that if it is screwed tightly you might have a problem opening it.  So those with out strong hands dont screw it to tightly closed.  Over all the best in Food Storage.  I know i just about bought them all
to go with my original finish Lodge cookware, but this one didn't take any effort to season.  Good going, Lodge
I went on a hunt for these glasses for a friend after our having beverages in them in a (now gone) bar in NYC.  I was delighted to finally find the exact glass at, what I think is, an affordable price for the quality.  I bought a set and we ended up "splitting" them (he only wanted/had space for 4 - he lives in a small! apartment). I love them so much I've now put them on my wishlist.  The beautiful clear glass, clean design and impressive heft makes them feel elegant, special and expensive.  I'm *certain* the shape and feel make the single-malt scotch I prefer taste even better!  An excellent value at less than $40 for six
I was looking for a tool to process the exotic fruit I grow, and Amazon had the largest selection
The pot rack was just the right size and color. It looks great in my kitchen without creating a barrier between my kitchen and dining room. I love how easy it was to hang and the number of links provided with it mean that it can hang really low if I want. This is just perfect for my kitchen
These are so adorable! The patterns are too cute, and they can be mixed and matched just like boring cups and saucers. They even make me happy when I see them in the cabinet. They are a great shape and size! I am inspired to upgrade my espresso machine because these only deserve the best!
There's nothing worse than having to find space for, and then digging out a small appliance every time you want to use it. Henrietta looks terrific sitting on the countertop, and because she's on the countertop, you will use her. She works great. Will hold seven large eggs just fine for hard or soft boiling. I tried jumbos and she will only hold 4 jumbos at a time as they are fatter eggs, but seven large eggs at a time is fine with me. She poaches four eggs perfectly, and here, you can use jumbos if you like. The water reservoir is clearly marked and once you use her, if you find that your eggs are not quite done enough or too done, adding more or less water the next time will take care of that. Actually, the first time I poached jumbos, I found that the eggs were still a bit too liquid for my taste; I added a bit more water to the cooker, plugged her back in, and the eggs were perfectly done in about another minute. When the water evaporates, she chirps loud enough for even someone who is hard of hearing (as I am). I love this cooker. First one I have ever owned. And because she looks cute sitting on the counter, I don't forget I have her; therefore, she gets used alot
Have owned the Jura Capresso E8 since July of 2006. Have made over 750 coffees since that day. Heavy entertaining and daily latte's bring value to the machine. 
Machine has responded well under all circumstances. Only problem thus far has been with the frother which would jam from the froth to steam position.  Contacted Capresso and the expressed a new attachment. Have had no additional issues with machine thus far. 
Excellent crema  and good temperature for espresso. ( Warm the expresso cups before hand )
As with other machines I have owned, experimentation with coffee to milk ratio takes some time. Once determined the machine makes a consistent brew each time. 
Have run cleaning cycles and filter changes when prompted. Machine really is super-automatic. The machine informs you when water is needed, when beans need to be filled and when grounds need to be emptied. 
Would recommend the machine without hesitation. Should this change I will update the review. 
I bought this glass for my wife (who has a great interest and enjoyment of good wine) as a Christmas gift.  Last night, she tried out the glass with a friend.  The reviews from both of them were quite something to watch.  The wine from this glass tasted far, far superior to the same wine from an "ordinary" red wine glass.  In fact, they poured the remaining wine from the "ordinary" glass into this glass and shared the glass all evening.  There was really no doubt that this glass made the wine drinking experience a totally different, superior one
We love this item, it's easy for the kids and everyone who visits asks us where we found them. They look cute in the kitchen too!
I bought this so my 9 and 4 year olds could easily get their own cereal in the morning, and also have easy access to a healthy snack later in the day. This is a great tool for helping kids do it themselves. Some of the Honeycombs get a little crushed, but I've found that turning the handle gently back and forth a little bit gets them out without crushing them. Reese's Puffs and Cheerios also came out without any crushing. You have to put the caps on the bottom when not getting the cereal out in order to keep the cereal fresh. Maybe this was in the directions, but I missed it and learned the hard way. But the kids figured out the caps easily and it's not a big deal for them
Excellent for Fall & Spring here in Florida. Fans have a reversible switch which is very handy (don't have to turn the whole fan around)
I've been a chef for almost 15 years, and a knife is one of the tools I reach out most of the time.  During those years I've used all kinds of brands including Kershaw, Wusthof, Mundial and even Smart and Final brand.  And to be more specific, an 8 inch chef's knife is my favorite.  After having fun with these toys, I thought it's time to reward myself with an ultimate gift. So I sought after a kind of blade that could be totally distinctive.  One day I came across the Shun Classic on the Amazon Web.
This knife sets itself apart from the others: the simplicity in design, the beauty of the blade, the sharpness, and finally its steel quality.  The blade has some kind of a pattern as a result from  layers of steel which is said to be the same steel that is used to make a Samurai's Sword, WOW!  The D shaped handle is made of dark coated hardwood, it fits in my hand nicely.  But the most stunning thing of all is the sharpness.  I can slice pieces of lemons micro thin!  It's not only super sharp, but it also holds the edge sharpness much longer than other steels I experienced with.  It weighs a little heavier, but I'm sure that's not a big deal for me. Cleaning up the knife after use is a breeze because there isn't any corner which will accumulate grease. 
Shun 8 inch Classic is the best I've ever had.  You won't regret what you pay for even though the price is very high.  A good chef deserves a good steel. 
This lovely salad set will be a great addition to any lunch or dinner setting.  The serving bowl is much larger than I anticipated -- and great for tossing space.  The individual bowls are also deep.  This is a great  set for salad lovers
This new toaster from Kitchen Aid is an excellent little toaster, and includes a special setting for Bagel's as well as settings for frozen items like toaster waffels. I love mine and tell everyone in my family they should have one. If your looking for a new toaster you cannot fine a better one than this model from Kitchen Aid
This works great on tile grout! it would be nice if it worked good on the glass shower doors but it didn't
Not bad for the price. It does take a long time to get the job done.
The filter is the make and size recommended by the manufacturer of the humidifier.  It works really well. 
I bought this for my husband's birthday b/c I watched him fumble each morning with the numerous lemons that are out there. Carafes that leak, coffeemakers that don't keep the right temperature, etc...
This is the kind of coffee you get at a 5-star restaurant. In fact, they  probably use a Bunn.
The design is utilitarian-not decoration, and they have mastered the art of great tasting coffee
The grill is a significant improvement over my previous Weber in regards to:
-grill area
-regidity of the cast iron grill
-control for raising or lowering goals
-large charcoal shelf
-three compartments within the charcoal shelf
-heavy guage metal construction
-the option of adding a rotisserie
The grill is wanting in regards to:
-lack of an enamel coating on the cast iron grill
-lack of closable upper and lower vents which would enable greater temperature control and the ability to seal the grill interior when finished in order to snuff out the coals
These cup are enormous! (Not to mention beautiful, in that fun and elegant way that only Fiestaware can be.) I was looking for a very large, oversized mug because I drink a lot of coffee and tea and am sick of having to refill constantly. I definately got my wish. I have eaten soup and cereal out of these, I even used them to serve coffee ice cream recently. Very cute! I plan on getting them in all of the six colors I have in Fiestaware. Let me tell you again, this cup is HUGE
I odered this item as housewarming gift, the box has open display of 5 piece hostess set and 5 piece place settings, you can see and touch without open the box!
they are beautiful chess design.
some people doesn't care flatware  using the right way and after write negative review.
following this recomendations will result in the enjoyment of your J.A Henckels flatware for many years;
1. DO NOT ALLOW ACIDIC FOODS TO REMAIN IN CONTACT AFTER USE such as mustard, ketchup. lemon. etc  rinse all flatware that have been in contact with the above foods before placing in the dishwasher.
2, do not use detergents containing chlorides or a high lemon content.
3. do not soak for extended periods of time with tap water in the sink get rusting or spots.
4. in the dishwasher use a drying cycle.
100% RECOMMENDED !
I am extremely pleased with the Anolon cookware set.  It cooks evenly and cleans up beautifully.
Many of my friends recommended this set and I'm glad to have taken their advice and made the purchase
After reading the other reviews, I almost reconsidered my purchase.  However, the juicer works great - as long as you follow a few tips.
1) Make sure the lid is thoroughly clipped on TIGHT!  Check once, then check again.
2) Don't use the paper filters, particularly if you are juicing in quantity.  Once I threw mine in the trash, the balancing issues went away immediately.  It makes clean up a little harder, but if you scrape the outside with a hard toothbrush under running water right after use, it's not a big deal.
3) If the item being juiced won't go through, be patient, and pulse-push it in.  Don't cram it with the pusher.
My only concern is that when you juice quantities, so much pulp sticks to the side it's hard for all of the juice out to strain out.  It's best to rinse the drum off every couple of cups of juice.
Using the above tips - I expect to be giving this juicer some heavy use for a long time
I was hesetant about ordering these after reading some of the other reviews on how fragile these glasses are.  I am very pleased that I did order them.  I am enjoying them very much.  They are fragile, but if you handle them with care, I'm sure they will last a long time.  I even put mine in the dishwasher and have had no problems
I have purchased other syrup dispensers in the past, and all of them broke.  Usually the thumb lever jams with dried syrup.  This one is a unique design that appears to prevent this problem.  And, it even comes with an extra O-ring :-
This is great, it is very easy to clean, just put it in the dishwasher. You never have to worry about getting Honey or Syrup all over again. It pours very clean and doesn't drip after you're done. It looks very nice too. Great Deal with a classy look
I owned this dispenser for close to a year, and love it.  The cereal is always fresh and accessible and I do not have to keep the boxes or reach out to grab few nuts for a quick snack.  Great design
We have tried a variety of knife sharpeners and they didn't work very well. Finally, I purchased this item and we have been quite pleased ever since. Friends even ask to use it.  If you need sharp knives for cooking then this item is a great purchase. The cost may seem higher than most but well worth the quality and it really sharpens both serrated and straight knives.  Easy to use and nice addition to a kitchen where you enjoy cooking. 
We were very skeptical.  One of our cats would mark certain spots (like corners) occassionaly.  But we had no idea that he was daily marking the area rug in our living room! It got so bad that we had to discard the rug.  We tried Boundary spray which would keep him away from the usual corner spots for a day, but the one time we forgot to spray, he would mark again.  We were at our wits end and decided to try Feliway.  We bought two diffusers and placed them near his usual marking spots.  At first we also used the Boundary, but eventually we stopped using the spray and noticed that we didn't see any urine markings anymore.  It took a few months but we can honestly say that the product seems to work.  Our cat even appears more calm and pleasant.  We make sure that we replace the container of Feliway every 5 weeks or so.  It's well worth the money
Pros: I have two Chocolate Labs, therefore, I have a lot of hair to deal with.  The vacuum works great and really takes care of the hair and dirt (wood floors).  It works alright on rugs.
Cons: Not cheap. Loud. The plastic clip used to connect the strap to the vacuum comes out so you can't carry it, you just have to roll it instead. Not a big deal
These pans are made by Ekco and durable.  The nice thing is they do not brown the edges like the tephlon coated ones.  Just be sure to use wax paper on the bottom and they will come out with ease
I took a chance on ordering these, and I'm glad I did.  They are heavy-duty!  I like the handles as I do a lot of microwave cooking and it's nice to be able to use the handles instead of having to have hotpads each time with the regular white corningware.  I've also used these in a convection oven, and them seem to work really great!  I picked the "Sapphire" color, and they are very attractive on the table as well! 
I was surprised by the quick delivery.  I opened the box to check the bowls.  Everything was intact and I was happy to give them to my cousin as a wedding present
We recently moved, and our two cats were having a few anxiety issues while adjusting to the new apartment.  One cat, usually friendly and playful, would hide anytime a new person came into the apartment.  The other cat, usually very docile, was being overly aggressive during "play time" with the other cat and with us.
After buying the Comfort Zone plug-in, we noticed a gradual change in their behavior over about a week.  Both cats seemed more relaxed and their behavior was more normal - more friendly and playful, less anxious and aggressive.
The only reason not to give 5 stars is because the description says one plug-in vial will last 4 weeks, but the vial was nearly empty after only 2 weeks and completely empty after 3.  But maybe there was more in the diffuser even though the vial had no liquid left.  It is hard to judge when the plug-in actually ran out because the cats' behavior did not change, even after I unplugged the diffuser
Having used Hoover products in a commercial environment for many years I have had great service from them, providing many years of dependable and powerful operation.  We were excited to try out this "new" Hoover model.  One of the first things I have noticed about it over the previous Windtunnel Model is that it is heavier when you release the handle to vacuum.  This may bother some, but I see it as a testament to it's improved build quality over the Gen.1 Windtunnel.  This machine is very powerful and it's dual turbine motor has a confident sound.  I'll be curious to see how reliable the cord rewinder is.  It is a nice feature though. I'll post back after the machine has had more use to see how reliable it is.
**UPDATE**
After having spent some time and use with this machine here are my experiences...
Two very glaring problems with the machine are that it 
1) Lacks a bag full indicator.  The bag filled on this machine, and then busted (unknowlingly) at the top around the bag collar.  "Stuff" went all over the inside of the bag chamber and sucked into the motor filter.  It took another vacuum to clean the mess up.  In the future I will be more attune to the sound of the vacuum and the weight of the handle, indicating how full the bag is getting.
2)  The cord rewinder is a nice feature, but truly lacks quality.  It will not hold the cord unless it is placed in the cord keeper on the back of the machine and also fails to fully rewind without assistance.  A stronger recoil spring would really make a positive difference.
3)  Dust and dirt get lodged under the pulley guard on the main vacuum head, not that it presents a problem, but it's unsightly and the bottom plate must be removed from the machine to clean out the dust.
Beyond these minor issues the machine continues to perform well and without problems or breakdowns. 
I do most of the vacuuming. My wife's only request when I went looking for a new model was that it use a bag. She absolutely hates the bagless models and doesn't want to see what we're pulling up. We have two dogs (an Akita and a Golden Retriever) to contend with and during shedding season the vacuum is running at the very least once a day. So after searching I find this model. I researched it to death and just as my wife was ready to kill me I take the plunge and order it from Amazon. Now the order status said it would take 12 days to get here and I was shocked when it arrived in 4. The big thing I like about this unit is that the bags it uses (although a little hard to find)have a handle on the top that seals up the dirt as you remove it from the machine so you never have to see or touch the dirt. The unit is a little heavy but moves around quite well. And boy does it clean! Our rugs look fantastic!
One complaint I have about it is that when you bring the unit into the full upright position the beater bar shuts off. Another would be that you cannot turn the vacuum on unless its in the full upright position..I know its a safety feature..I just don't like it. The pickup tube is built into the handle and when fully extended is great for cleaning the blinds and ceiling fan blades. The little power head unit was great for getting the dog hair off of the curtains and the side of the sofas. 
Overall I would buy this unit again and my experience with buying a high ticket item from Amazon was so positive that I've purchased other items and make it my first place to look now
 I received the 10 pc set from my husband for Christmas.  I have been very pleased with the quality and how easy they are to clean after use. Some veg did stain the bottom of the saucepans. Maybe this will disappear if tomatoes are cooked in them. The pans take longer to heat up because of the thickness and the weight but once they are hot they cook evenly. I feel we made a good choice
This Rice Cooker has a non-stick bowl, which makes clean-up a cinch! The indicator light is red when cooking and green when warming. It cooks the rice perfectly every time. Also this cooker is small and easy to store.
I love this -  had seen items like it and so broke down.  Now I am sorry I have not had one for years and year
It was a Christmas gift, truly enjoyed by my grandson who loves to cook (with supervision).  It's easy to store, and able to keep the oil in its container for several uses.  Bigger than the GranDaddy so you can cook more at one time.  It's great.  Have one myself and it has been with us for years. 
I bought this when my air popper died & I am so glad I found this product!  The popcorn is the best & it is very simple to make.  The thing I like the best is that it is a healthy alternative to the chemically filled microwave popcorn.  I can choose which oil to use & how much so I have total control over what goes into my popcorn so I feel confident that what I am eating is good for me.  
The packaged corn that came with was ok & a good introduction to using the popper but I will not buy packages again as it is so easy to make a great tasting popcorn on my own.  I did try the cinnamon popcorn recipe from the included book & it was fantastic!
I would recommend this to anyone, the popper is easy to handle, easy to clean & it makes the best, crisp & crunchy popcorn ever.  It only takes about 3 minutes to be done & you can even use the stirring mechanism to stir extra butter in it or other salt or other seasonings.  Sometimes simple & old fashioned is better & that is the case with this item.
Now we can't wait to rent a movie so we have an excuse to pop popcorn almost every night!  
Due to the slits around the opening, this label will fit a wide variety of neck sizes including Burgundy and those odd Rosemount Shiraz necks.  I would like it better if it were more of a plastic coated paper since I think it would hold up longer in a cellar, but at least it fits all my bottles.  The others I've purchased don't
WE LOVE THIS CRATE FOR OUR PUG, BUT SHE IS A SMART LITTLE DOG.  SHE HAS LEARNED HOW TO GET THE ZIPPER ON THE END UNDONE AND ESCAPE.  OF COURSE, WHEN SHE DOES THIS NO ONE IS HOME AND WE FIND SMALL GIFTS LEFT BEHIND
This Soup Pot is an excellent addition to any cook's set of tools.  Using this pot, there's no need to saute meats of veggies in one place and then transfer them to an ovenproof pot to finish.  It goes easily from stovetop or oven to the table and is compatible with almost any dinnerware.  Can you tell  I really like my new Soup Pot
I bought these for a wonderful craft.  I was expecting them to be decent, but I did not expect them to be as nice as they were.  If I realized how nice they were, then I would of purchased several at the same time to save on shipping.  I realize that I got 100 bags, but my craft took about 75 of them.  They are nicer than the piping/icing bags that I used while I was learning cake decorating.  When these are gone, I will definitely order more. The plastic is thick enough so you will not have to worry about your icing tip squeezing out.
I have tried sooo many different roti/tortilla makers. and this SAACHI is seriously the BEST out there!  Bargainoffers.com company is the best!  They have great customer service and are such nice people.  I have tried the crappy villaware 10 inch model as well as the horrible 8 inch REVEL brand, and i had nothing but problems.  They stick and dont heat up well enough.  The saachi is great, never had a problem, EVER!
Great item, just what I needed.  The price was fine and the company reputation was a serious consideration in my selection
Blinds were what I expected.  They were very good quality and low price too.  Shipping was excellent and on time. 
This color is a bit too bright, but the bag it very comfortable
The Nordic Ware Sunflower pan is just what I wanted.  It came in perfect condition and in a very timely fashion.  Thank you
Great honing steel that is a bit longer than others I looked at (seems to help a bit for the bigger knives) and an attractive taper (not sure that matters, but it looks nice).  I've only had it a brief time, though I've used it frequently.  Despite an occasional clumsy collision, this steel slides smoothly and shows no nicks.  It straightens the edge on my (mostly) mid-grade knives with ease.
Another reviewer claimed the handle was plastic.  Perhaps he was mistaken, or perhaps he had a different version.  But mine, purchased later, has a visible grain if you look close, under a dark ebony finish.  It does almost "feel" plastic due to the hard resin finish, but it is the same material as on the Shun knives a friend has (though the steel lacks the metal endcap that her knives have).
Aesthetics are open to debate, but I think it looks much nicer than most, and performs better than any other I've used for daily straightening.  For less frequent light sharpening, I recommend a diamond steel.  Global makes the best diamond steel I've seen, but I've stuck with the DMT for a quarter the price
This knife along w/the matching 7" 5-star meat fork are my weapons of choice for carving leg of lamb, prime rib, ham, veal, turkey, etc...at various carving stations at my job. I love the 5-star line & have most pieces from it as well as 2 of this knife. I'd recomend trying the 4-star & pro-s line out as well before deciding on this line(same blades, different handles). I'd definately replace if lost/stolen. After using proper tools there's no way you can go back to cheap knives. I'd love to see a 12" version of this knife w/a wider blade
What a fabulous pillow and a great deal.  They looked small until I unpacked them, then POOF! Big fluffy pillows!  Nice
I have two kittens which are spoiled rotten and have more toys than they can ever wish for.  This is by far one of their favorites.  They love the moving ball and use the center scratch area often (keeps them off the furniture and other areas.) I know they play with it daily.  Very reasonably priced and definitely a must for cats!!  
My husband received a similar bag for Christmas that holds 6 bottles of beer.  We are scheduled to attend a formal event where we will need to bring 2 bottles of wine.  The black is perfect for the purpose and looks much better than a gawdy paper bag or bottle bag and we don't have to worry about the bottom falling out.  The material is sturdy and for cold wines will insulate well
This DeLonghi BAR32 Espresso Maker is the only budget priced espresso maker that I can find that does not have aluminum its water/coffee path.  The boiler, porta-filter & baskets, brew group, and steam wand are all stainless steel (albeit the wand has a plastic tip).  
I thought the Capressopro with a slightly larger stainless boiler  might qualify as aluminum free and provide good competition but the porta-filter itself is made of aluminum (although it does have stainless basket inserts) and is TWICE THE PRICE than the Delonghi BAR32. It is questionable that the acidic coffee might poor over onto the aluminum porta filter and leach aluminum at the bottom of the porta-filter after exiting the stainless baskets - although Capresso implies no in their Ads. 
Looks and works just as advertised. Took it out of the box and used it the day we received it, made for a lovely and lively family dinner. Great buy
Holds everything.  Makes perfect pot roasts.  I use all clad MC2 for most cooking, but when I need to braise I use this -- I love it
This product is a must have for anyone serious about baking.  This mixer is by far the best appliance that I have purchased for my kitchen next to the refrigerator of course.  I reccomend this product to anyone who loves to bake.  The 5 quart + was worth the money, don't buy the 4 qt, save the money and purchase the 5, you'll be glad that you did
Works great, it is a lot easier than using paper filters
I have several Oxo spatulas - they don't warp, bend, peel, discolor or melt - even if used to stir things in a hot pan.  So far, none of them have broken, and I have had several of them for a few years.  Great quality
I very much like THIS Sommlier glass but they are quite fragile.  A significantly better choice for everyday use is the Schott Zwiesel Diva line of glasses.  Granted, the Riedel glass is thinner at the rim but man, for my dollar, the Schott glasses are a steal
This is probably my favorite mug. It easily holds about twice as much as a regular coffee cup. It comes with a plastic splash guard that locks into place down inside the rim. The best thing about the mug though is the wide grippy bottom that enables me to set it just about anywhere in my car without worrying that it will tip over. Even hard corners don't seem to phase it. It's also the only cup in my house that can withstand my cat's efforts to tip it over. 
The odd shape also has downsides though. It won't fit in any cup holder I've ever come across, but that doesn't matter much since it won't tip over no matter where you set it. If you don't rinse it out immediately, it can be difficult to clean later, due to the shape; if you don't have small hands, you may need a bottle cleaning brush. Also, I imagine if you had more than one of these mugs, they'd be awkward to store since this mug tends to hog the cabinet space. Despite this, it's still a great mug. In fact I'm going to need another since my husband has now adopted it as his favorite too
I was looking for something small to put near our litterpan since the cats track the clay out of the box when exiting. I found this vacuum at a fair price and decided to give it a try.  It does a perfect job! I owned the original model when it first came out years ago. This one is more streamlined and improved.  The Dustbuster is the right choice for little cleanups.
Yep, I had some 20-year-old Revere Ware pots and this steamer fit my 2 qt pan with no problem. And the lid from the pan fit the steamer. It's plenty big to steam two large sweet potatoes, and probably more. Exactly what I needed and the price was good too
This bread slicer is quite good.  It has a slicing guide and also a storage container part to it.  It cleans easily and was cleverly designed to accomodate bread machine sized Loaves.  I have found though, that if I bake the largest size loaf, the loaf will be an inch or so to tall for it so after I slice a few slices I am able to put loaf on its side and then store it in the container. 
wife loves this contraption.  if you like your coffee or tea strong you need to use more than usuall.  easy to  clean. and the best part is that amazon sent me two of them when I purchased one.  sweet.  cup it comes with is great quality.  peace!
I am potty training my son, so I needed a good waterproof mattress pad but didn't want to spend a lot of money.  This fits the bill.  It's lightweight but sturdy, and has already stopped one naptime accident from soaking through to the mattress, and held up well in the wash so far.  Has a nice feel, and it doesn't seem to make him overly warm as some waterproof pads do.  Our mattress is old and thin by today's standards, but the pad seems roomy enough that I think if we got a new thick mattress, it would still work.  Very pleased with this purchase
Love it!  Fluffy, warm, and light.  Perfect for snuggling up into on those cold, blustery days or for building a make-shift fort.  :)  Big enough to comfortably cover (and keep warm) many people.  And it's wonderfully light, so it doesn't bog you down while you sleep.  Wonderful
This is essentially the All-Clad stainless steel 3 quart saucier fitted with 2 short handles.  The "dutch oven" sold by All-Clad is a similar configuration of the 5 1/2 quart saucier.
This is a versatile stovetop pan--wide enough for frying, deep enough for liquids, good-looking enough to carry to the table.  It can also slide into the oven when needed.  
It may not be big enough to do a traditional 19th century cassoulet, with large hunks of meat and a gallon or so of beans, as one poster complained, but it functions quite well as an "everyday pan" for up to 4 persons.  The dimensions of 9 1/2 inches by 3 inches (plus handles) fit the 3 quart capacity into a compact shape, with a rounded bottom for easy stirring.
If you are looking for a versatile "do-it-all" pan, this is a good choice
I searched for months for a stylish, durable set of flatware at a bargain price, and this is it!  I was lucky enough to buy service for 8 at half price during a Friday sale.  The design is unique and contemporary, and the finish and weight are of excellent quality.  The only criticism that I have is that there is a big size difference between the soup spoons and dessert spoons - the handles of the dessert spoons are a bit too short for my taste and tend to get caught in the flatware rack in my dishwasher.  However, this is a very small price to pay for such a gorgeous, inexpensive set of flatware that will surely last for many years to come. 
We purchased the stainless steel version of this flatware when we got married 16 years ago.  It has held up so well, that I just purchased ten more place settings (the Friday only sale) to use for entertaining.  Our older set still looks new even though we have used it every day.  This flatware is heavy and really nice to hold, (the handles are not so heavy or thick that they are hard to hold or to eat from).  The super simple design works and looks beautiful with any table setting design from casual and contemporary to completely elegant for special occasions. 
Have owned this product five weeks and used it several times to cook hamburgers, London broil, steaks.  It produces excellent results and is relatively easy to use.  The cooking grate can only be set at two levels: standing on its posts or inverted, lying on the rim of the firebox.  The level must be chosen before you start cooking, which presents a problem for some preparations.  The damper seems to have little effect on cooking temperature.  Emptying ash is a bit awkward, as you need to remove the doors and coal grate, then lift and tip the firebox, which is heavy.  The lip catches some ash, so it is difficult to completely empty.  Be sure to set the grill on a pan, as grease will leak through and collect around the legs
I see a lot of people have leaky shakers.  Not me.  Mine is absolutely perfect.  The top/strainer piece fits snugly, leak-free, requiring just the right amount of effort to de-couple it from the canister.  The design of the canister lip also makes it easy to attach the top to the canister.  The lip on some shakers makes it hard to attach the top.  The cap/jigger also fits perfectly, with just the right amount of snugness that it stays attached but also comes off easily
I have no kitchen stove so I have been relying on this little champ for everything from tea to pasta (before South Beach Diet) to making eggs in the morning, etc. I have owned this unit for over 3 years and have NEVER ONCE had a problem with it. Awesome for a college student or a person with a tiny apartment such as mine. Also great for taking to work. It is a bit hard to clean and there is not too much area to touch to move it while it is still cooling down. Other than that, I highly recommend it. I am here today to buy the DOUBLE version and I can only hope that it performs as well as it's little sister. Enjoy!!! - Li
I use this mug a lot for chicken noodle and other soups as well as salads.  Its easy to clean up and to handle.  I like having the lid with the pop top so its doesn't make a mess in the microwave.  I fits easily in the tote bag when commuting to work.  I highly recommend it!!
After much research and consideration I decided to buy this product as a Christmas gift for my husband.  I am not the type of person to research products before I buy them, but taking into consideration how picky my husband is about his espresso (and being Cuban and drinking cuban coffee since birth--makes you critical and suspicious about the quality of the coffee made by these new espresso machines), I did not want to buy something that was not going to meet our expectations. I have to say this product has surpassed my expectations and my husband is very pleased with it.  My main concern was how HOT the coffee would be, and this product makes the coffee with the right temperature and richness that we have come to expect from the corner cafeteria coffee.  I've read reviews about the noise it makes, and after having the Deloghi product, the noise this machine makes when warming up is NOT that loud at all.  We are very happy with it.  Buy it, you'll be happy too
I didn't know which maker I wanted, it was hard making up my mind.  I finally chose this one and boy did I make the right choice. It works great, better than I could have hoped for.  Cookies turned out wonderful and it was fast and easy
This soap dish is beautiful, practical and sturdy. Best of all, it will retain all water and liquid soap leftovers in its tray, leaving your bathroom clean and dry.
Recommended. 
I bought 2 of these and they are so soft and comfy.  I love these blankets.  They are so superior to other blankets in their price range.  The main reason I bought them was the price; the colors are very nice too
I have two of these, one in yellow and one in a discontinued sea greeny color.  They're attractive, of course; this is Fiestaware, after all.  But they're darn functional.  They're long enough to accommodate a london broil or small roast or kebobs, and they're deep enough that any juices are not likely to spill while you're carrying or serving.  I like wish there was one slightly bigger too; then I'd get two more
This product is great to have on hand. In the past, I've used purchased yogurt as a starter, but this eliminates the need to run to the grocery store when you want to make yogurt. After a small delivery snafu, the company immediately sent me a replacement. They also sent me a follow up e-mail just to make sure that I received the product (thanks Fred!!!
This timer was a Christmas gift for Mom. She loved it. She thought it was very cute
This core is remarkable. It is so easy to use, just fill it with cake batter and insert it in the cake pan. Pour the remaining batter in the pan and large cakes come out wonderful. This heating core allowed by daughters half sheet cake to come out perfect
Love it that it keeps the butter soft and spreadable and fresh.  This one holds a larger amount than others I have had.  It is a bit more awkward to hold, however.  It has a wide lid with no handle so you need to grab on to the sides of the lid to pick up. Love the Emile Henry colors
Let's face it, you make an effort to have your home clean and coordinated.  Nice furniture and practical book shelves.  But you do not live alone; there is probably a canine or feline lurking around.  It may seem novel to buy a bowl with a picture of Garfield on it or some cutesy saying.  But in the long run this durable, multi use, dishwasher safe, bowl will look much better and your companion will not have to look embarrassed every time he/she wants a few laps of water.
THIS 2 QT BOWL HAS MANY USES . I USE IT FOR MIXING , SERVING AND BAKING.  IT IS WONDERFUL FOR MACARONI AND CHEESE , ALSO HAVE DONE  COBBLERS .   I HAVE 6 DIFFERENT COLORS . ONCE YOU GET ONE YOU WILL HAVE TO  GET ANOTHER AND ANOTHER 
Not many people can rationalize spending twenty dollars on a pizza cutter, but I previously worked at a pizzeria and often make gourmet pizzas at home. This cutter is sharp and rarely requires multiple cuts to slice through all of the crust. It is really useful on those thick pizzas, like spinach and feta. Plus it looks pretty cool hanging on the wall behind your cutting board. I almost never use it for any non-pizza cooking, and a heavy, sharp knife works almost as well. However, it's a fun item, and if you find yourself looking for a nice gift for somebody who makes a lot of pizza, I definitely recommend it
Absolutely FAB!!! Shiny-bright stainless steel, matches Frieling French Press, and any other stainless tableware/countertop items perfectly! Just the right size for serving a table of 4 or so...of course the sugar bowl holds plenty- note you'll likely need to refill the creamer for a second cup go-around at a table seating 4-6 coffee lovers. Overall these are just VERY sturdy/solid, clean-up beautifully and very easily, and, by the way, the sugar spoon included with the lid-covered sugar bowl dispenses an exact teaspoon of sugar, and sets inside the little 'notched' area of the lower bowl, so that the spoon rests perfectly inside the sugar bowl while the the lid remains covered/on at the same time- a really simple, yet European-engineered, well-thought out design & quality. I fully anticipate that this will be an heirloom hand me-down...although it's a l-o-o-o-ng time until I'll be distributing my assets! Make sure to buy the matching Frieling French Press- it's just incredible, & also heirloom quality! Give yourself the gift of European quality coffeeware- it's one of life's simple, yet indispensible indulgences!  PS the Frieling French Coffee Press w/ this matching sugar/creamer set makes a unique and favorite wedding gift too
I'm really happy with this shoe rack.  I'd like it to be a little bit taller, but it holds the shoes very effectively and fits well in my closet.  I'd definitely recommend it
This shoe rack is extremely well made very stable and solid and very easy to assemble! This hold alot of shoes and spins really nice, I Have small feet but even my husband shoes which are 11's fit just fine! This Shoe Rack Is Perfect, I Highly Reccomend It!
I have these sheets on my bed right now.  They are very comfortable and soft after just one washing.  The price was great and the striping addds style to otherwise bland white sheets
I bought this decanter as a present for my father and he has definitely been getting a lot of use out of it. It is easy to use and works well at keeping the wine preserved. I definitely recommend it. I just wish it were a little cheaper since the design is not so special.
How did this technology elude me for so many years? After spending decades of trying to "bring the butter up to room temp" by, variously, taking it out hours before I needed to use it, placing it on the warm radiator, zapping it in the microwave, or putting it in a dish of hot water, finally I've found a way to keep the butter spreadable and fresh!
Few kitchen aids are as useful as this one. I would rank this up there in the top-ten list along with my 8" Wusthof blade, 3" Chinatown-special drain mesh, Pyrex measuring cup, and my Zyliss salad spinner. 
I bought this particular model for my dad's birthday and both he and my mom love it. I have a similar version at home (clear, see-through) and my girlfriend's parents have an earthen-ware version at home. They all work great.
Once you try this, there's no way you're going to go back to the traditional butter dish
Works great.  Bought for making candle tarts and it didn't let me down.  I would recommend this hot plate for any use
These pans are great, they are very sturdy and good quality. don't buy anything else! trust me
does anyone know of a good site where you can get a good deal on the bag liners for these great trash cans?
i love the large size of these glasses. its great for swirling your wine. we had a large party and everyone commented on how elegant they looked and how much fun they were to drink from
I've got a dog, cat and a small child- my floors have been a mess! I am so glad I bought this vaccuum- the suction is great and it picks up all the animal hair. Great price, too. I would highly reccomend this to anyone, especially people with pets- we emptied it 4 times just doing the living room the day we got it in the mail. Now my hubby vaccuums regulary- he loves it too
I love it!  My kids and I had it open 10 minutes and ordered another one for my mom!!
This is a handy, sturdy and attractive bottle opener you can use to either flip open pop-top caps or pierce the top of cans. Its hefty body fits comfortably in the hand, making it require less force to operate than the more traditional bottle openers do, keeping you away from cramped hands and other tension related injuries, and rendering it perfect for broth cans, soda bottles, cans of baby formula, etc.
Like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line, this one is a great value of superior quality, unsurpassed durability and flawless performance. Its ergonomic design and big, pressure-absorbing, outstanding non-slip grip, complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers and an oversized hole for easy hanging, allow you comfortable, daily, wet or dry use. Its elegant, stylized, standard OXO shape will fit perfectly with the rest of your OXO utensils in the kitchen or in the bar.
Its easy-to-clean, simple construction and dishwasher-safe, hard-wearing materials make this a tool that you will be able to depend on for years, and its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away.
After submitting this product to over two years of normal use, mine is still just like new.
--Reviewed by Maritza Volma
A great quality french press that made Bodum famous. Simple, easy to clean and quick! Ideal for the times when you need a nice cup of fresh brew coffee but couldn't find a coffee maker nearby. 
I have some nice nonstick cookware that I needed whisks for, so I got these. My main reasons for choosing them were the brand, and the fact that someone in a review for another product said that these were all silicone, rather than silicone coated steel. Unfortunately that is NOT the case. This is silicone coating metal. This is acceptable though, because the 5-year guarantee will cover the whisk should the silicone decide to peel off, and 5 years of cookware-safe whisking for this price is worth it to me! The whisk is wonderful, and I'd recommend it to anyone. Just don't believe the reviews telling people to get this for the reason stated above
The spatula is very good cooking in high temperatures on the stove. The food does not fall through the slots. It is so nice to not have the yoke broken when flipping the egg over when frying.  It is good for dipping out food out of dishes also. The only thing was the loop on the end of the handle was broken when I received it. It didn't hurt the function of the spatula. It is a great tool to have in the kitchen
I've seen this particular clock at other web sites.  I decided to buy it from Target.com because the price was good and there is free shipping.  When I received the clock in only 3 days, I was pleasantly surprised to see first how well it had been packed.  It arrived in perfect condition.  I inserted an AA battery only to wonder whether I had gotten a "dud" -- it didn't make any perceptible tick.  Soon it was clear that the clock was working well and I hung it in my newly remodelled kitchen in a prominent place and I love it.  I highly recommend this very quiet, well-made clock
I live in SW Florida. Everything down here rusts, even the nails in the walls. I am gradually replacing all my aluminum bakeware with stainless steel and have also been looking for stainless steak knives, having already found several good stainless steel paring and carving knives. Amazon has a deal I couldn't refuse. $90 steak knives for only $29.99. I bought two sets and I couldn't be happier. It will take some time to get used to their slim shape and lighter weight, after using big clunky steakhouse-style wooden-handle knives for so many years. My husband might not be as enthusiastic as I am about the smaller knives but they are sharp and classy looking and they cut meat very well. I will keep a couple of clunky ones in a drawer just in case. Some people want fancy boxes to keep theirs in and these come in an aluminum box with riveted corners and a fancy clasp, but I don't keep my knives in boxes. No storage room. I have a lot of stainless steel German knives and I consider them to be the best. I have magnetized bars attached to the wall behind my stove and all my stainless knives are there, handy and nice-looking. These will complete my collection of nice-looking knives on that wall, handy where I can just reach up and grab them. You just can't beat the price, but if you don't like them you can return them. Amazon is the best place I have found to buy everything I need for my kitchen, bar none. I will give these two shiny aluminum boxes to my grandchildren for their treasures
After mixing your dough and letting it rise the first time, this basket helps shape the dough into a perfect loaf, with an interesting pattern on the crust.  My first loaf with this basket turned out perfectly.  It is  much easier than hand shaping a loaf, and much more rustic/natural than  using a loaf pan.  The natural coils shape and decorate the loaf the  old-fashioned way. When it's done rising, carefully remove it from the  basket and care fully put it on a pre-heated bread stone in the oven.  The  loaves look and taste great
Nice compact size-can be moved easily. Does freshen the air in the room noticeably. On whisper setting is almost silent. On Turbo setting can be heard but in no way impinges on life, maybe would sleeping. Does shoot out air but does not "blow" with any force. Over time, like a day, all the air in our 20'x20' living area changes. Did have a noticeable plastic like new odor  the first few days of use which wore off. Haven't had any build up on the collection grid in these 2 weeks, but it would be easy to clean.
This stainless steel stock pot is just right for those of us who can't fit our favorite soup recipes into a dutch oven. Cleaning it is a breeze, and it is still small enough to fit on a convenient cabinet shelf. That says it all
I've cleaned my wedding rings and watches with it and am happy with its performance.  No, it does not clean as well as the ones at the jewelry store... nevertheless, it gets the "in-between" job done quite nicely
Although it doesn't mention it, these HEPA replacement filters also fit the Hamilton Beach Air Cleaner Model 04150. I had to email Hamilton Beach to find out, but they were very helpful and responded right away. When the filters arrived from Amazon, I saw that on the box it says "Fits Models 04160, 04161 & 04150."  
With our cat and houseful of antiques, we always seem to have dust bunnies floating around. I run this model in our office, under the table which holds the computer. Since placing it there I have noticed the buildup of dust around the modem is almost entirely eliminated. I placed the larger model in our living room and it certainly is doing its job. The regular settings can be louder than expected, but I leave them on the "whisper quiet" setting when we're in that room and I don't even notice them being on. I would definitley recommend the Hamilton Beach air cleaners
This bowl is very durable and I love the different colors that it comes in.  The bowl is dish washer and microwave safe and my kids have banged them in the sink what seems like hundreds of times.  We basically use them for eating cereal but have used them for eating ice cream, popcorn, nachos, etc.  I love these bowls and am going to buy a set of Fiestaware for my mom
Cast iron pans are the way to go. No dangerous non-stick materials that emit toxic smoke if you overheat them. This one is probably the best I have ever owned. Only criticism is that it is huge and difficult to heat evenly on a normal size gas burner. Bacon tends to brown at the center while remaining uncooked on the edges. But for pancakes, etc. this is perfect. Get this one and a smaller 10" pan and you'll have bases covered.
We had an ancient Kitchen Aid and I loved it... but always had to store it in the cupboards since it was so big and clunky.  Our daughter now has it and is happy with it.  We bought the Hamilton Beach mixer and I like it almost as much as the Kitchen Aid.  The best thing about it is that the mixer lifts up, making things a bit easier.  The only slight complaint I have is that the medium to high speed is a big jump... it's a little too fast for what I want, most of the time.  Another plus is that it sits beautifully on my counter
I bought these for Christmas presents for a few people - and they LOVED them!  They were an incredible deal, warm, and appropriately sized.  They were so great that now I want to go back to get some for myself.  Colors were great too
Ove Glove is great -- everything they say it is.  My husband is the chef.  It was my Valentine's Day gift to him and he's happy as a clam!  Thanks, Ove Glove
This product worked as well as expected and the vendor was easy to deal with.  The product shipped on time
I've been using Spiegelau wine glasses for several years, and they are excellent. The bordeaux glass is great for bordeaux or any merlot or cabernet sauvignon based wine. These glasses are designed to enhance the bouquet of those types of wine. (They're also not bad for Rhones, though I prefer the Reidel Vinum syrah glass.)
If you drink a lot of burgundy, or pinot noir, or Italian Piedmont wines (barolo, barbaresco, langhe), I'd suggest Spiegelau's burgundy glass. If your preference is zinfandel or chianti, you're a bit out of luck with Spiegelau however. Their chianti glass isn't very good. Try the Riedel vinum chianti glass for these wines; you'll be knocked out by the way it focuses the bouquet.
Some reviewers have complained about breakage. I've seldom broken a glass, but it does occasionally happen during washing. My method is to clear the sink, run the water as hot as possible, put a bit of dishsoap in each glass. I then use a special ultra soft brush (which I got at a local wine shop for about $6) to clean the glass, removing fingerprints and especially the gunk around the rim. Then rinse thoroughly with very hot water. Invert on cloth. After about half an hour, with the glasses almost dry, you can wipe them off with paper towels (which don't leave any lint behind) and put them away.
The main thing is never to lay them down in the sink, and wash one glass at a time. Just do the wine glasses and pay attention to what you're doing. Don't try to stick your hand inside the bowl when drying; just use the paper towels.
Finally, even though these glasses are supposed to be dishwasher safe, I don't know why anybody who loves wine would put stemware in a dishwasher. Dishwashers always leave a film, and eventually their abrasive detergents will put microscopic scratches on the glasses, which lose their clarity as a consequence
I like this grater. It's easy to use and clean. And, nothing is better on salad than freshly grated cheese
These pans are light and clean up great just don't use metal in them. Will buy more
I ordered the 45-piece place setting, it had to be the quickest turn around I have ever come across.  Ordered on a Thursday, had it on a Monday!  Everything was in perfect condition.  I am so pleased with Amazon and the way they do business.  I will buy from them again.  
The dishes are beautiful, I couldn't be happier.  Thank you
My three cats adore this playpen.  Just moments after putting it on the floor, they started playing with the tease.  They also love snuggling in the bed together (2 cats fit at a time).  My only complaint is that I can't find the replacement teases -- they are supposed to be available in both catnip and non-catnip styles.  The manufacturer does not sell direct to the public and I can't find them at Petco's online store.  I would give this 5 stars if replacements were easier to find
Works great, can use easily and waffles taste great!  My kids could live on waffles if I would let them, and this is an asset to have in any kitchen- makes extra light and fluffy waffles
I just got this waffle maker and have already made a perfect batch of honey wheat blueberry waffles.  I can't believe how easy it was AND how fat and fluffy they came out.  
I used Krusteez Mix, because I was out of eggs, and used frozen blueberries. The Mix told me to add a little oil for waffles. 
The booklet told me to plug it in and wait for the green light.  I sprayed it with pam.  I poured in 1/2 cup of the mix on each side, added blueberries to the top, closed it, flipped it, and that was it. The booklet says they are done when the steam stops.  They were brown before the steam stopped, so I pulled them out.  No sticking, no spills.
I almost purchased an $80.00 model, but decided to get this one after seeing all of the reviews.  What a great deal
I was pleased with these canisters. The lids do not screw on but seem to be airtight with the rubber seal. The only complaint I have is that they appeared to be shiny in the photo, but are actually brushed stainless
This knife is great for hard cheeses, I can cut them without the slices crumbling to pieces.  It feels very comfortable and sturdy in my hand like my other Global knife.  The blade has a serrated edge so you will not be able to sharpen it easily, but if you only use it for cheese, it should stay sharp for a long time.  This is another beautiful Global knife
The last 2 pitcher's I had lasted @ 3 years..
What more can you say :
We have some pretty nasty water from the tap, but this PUR filter system makes it taste so good.  I like that it fits in the fridge and actually holds about 10 large glasses of water at once.  The hand held ones I've used hold about 3.  I don't know how pure the water is, but it sure tastes great. 
I have been using this cushion for a couple of years now.  I use to be able to buy it at Walgreens but they no longer carry it.  I was so happy when I found it on Amazon.  I have several of the cushions around.  I keep one in my car, one at home, one at work, and now I have one to travel with.  I take it on airplanes when I travel.  I have broken my tailbone twice and the shape of the cushion takes pressure off of the tailbone.  I have recommended it to relatives and friends and they all pruchased it and love it
     I received this knife for Christmas after reading the review in Cook's Illustrated magazine and then requesting it on my gift list! My son ordered it through Amazon and it arrived before Christmas. It is now my favorite knife and is used daily.  After cutting veggies, fish, meats, and fruit, this knife continues to be extremely sharp, well balanced, and easy to use.  What a great gift
i bought one of these for my apartment, and it's quite an investment considering the constant cost of refills.  it does contain the odor better than a garbage can, but does not completely eliminate it.  the instructions seem a bit confusing at first, but it's a piece of cake once you figure out what they are trying to show.  with that in mind, it's a step in the right direction and does a fair job of containing the odor (particularly for indoor environments) and is a better alternative than the hooded litterbox for kitty's respiratory system
This Lenox piece holds an extremely large quantity of soup or casserole. It is microwave and oven proof to 350 degrees, so you can cook and serve in the same beautiful casserole/soup tureen.  Handles are sturdy, but short, so they are hard to grip with a cloth pot holder, but easy to grip with bare hands. Because of this feature, you may decide to use this as a serving dish only. Good for a large group rather than due to large capacity. We are a family of 2, so we would prefer a smaller casserole from Lenox
I've been using these for a couple of months and every nasty, gloppy mess I throw in it, including shortening, butter, cream cheese, sour cream and others have slid right out and cleaned up perfectly fine. I spend less time cleaning up then I would have with glass as more is pushed out. I haven't had any problems with them sticking and have yet to find a complaint with one and have gone so far as to aquire a 1 cup version. They both sit out and are never put away as my glass measuring cups are
I purchased this for my niece who was pregnant at the time.  She started using it right away.  She said she feels like the last two trimesters were the easiest and gives credit to feeling healthier since using this juicer.  She said it's very user friendly, and easy to clean up
I got this oven as a replacement for an older DeLonghi model we've been using for years in the office kitchen.  My staff loves it.  I can't wait until they make me some cookies! : 
Unique looking with the soft polypropylene body contrasting with the chrome; distinctive and attractive for an item that sits in plain view in the kitchen all the time.  With normal bread in before lowering, the bread sticks almost 1/2 way out of the toaster, making it very easy to remove hot toast, to toast smaller items (the plunger will go up even further to assist);  the slots are extra wide so, although I have not used the sandwich cage accessory, I can see how there is enough room to make a sandwich and toast it in the cage (apparently a British idea, and  maybe something worth investigating).  I am doing normal toast on only setting 2, bagels on 3 and with the separate bagel feature they come out perfect! (bagel feature: push a button on the end of the darkness knob so that the heating elements change their normal output to get the bagels just right).  The machine feels solid as if it will last a long time.  The Cobalt Blue color is more of a bluish-purple in normal light, but very attractive.
Very happy with the machine (the vendor that sent ours had it to us inside 48 hours with normal shipping!
THESE ARE NICE QUALITY SHEETS BUT I WAS A LITTLE DISAPPOINTED..I WAS EXPECTING THEM TO FEEL MORE SATINY.
Delighted with them. An Franciscan Apple collectors delight. Nice air tight lids.
After reading reviews on the wok's available on Amazon[.com], I decided on this Wok due to the ability to put it in the dishwasher.  Turns out it is a bit to large to put in my dishwasher, but it is very easy to hand clean.   The non-stick surface has lasted, but I am careful to only use plasic or wood, and I wash it with a cloth and soap.  It gets to temperature quickly during cooking, the only 'complaint' I have is the simmer cycles (not a constant heat, but on and off).  I purchased some Thai cook books, (Real Thai, and Thailand The Beautiful Cook Book) and was amazed with the correct ingredients and a Wok, how easy it is to prepare my favorite food.  The difference the wok made- I was able to cook at the correct temperatures.  My stove BTU is apparently quite low, it took forever to 'sizzle' so the food turned to mush before it was cooked.  I now use the wok for anything I want to cook fast and/or warm up
My parents live in Florida, so we got two of these and rechargable batteries for use in case of storms and power outages. The fan is very quiet when operating. I like the fact that it runs on batteries - great addition to the "Hurricane Survival Kit"!
Great to have crust all around on your cornbread slice!!!
  You have to spray the pan really, really well with cooking
 spray then heat it before you put the batter in to allow the
 cornbread to come out in one piece.  I run a little spatula
 around the edges before I dump the pan.  Gave one as a gift
 at Christmas and it was a hit!!!
I love this salad spinner. It works easily for two people, spins great, and best of all, it keeps salad incredibly fresh for many days. I highly recommend it
I like this style of salad spinner. When I ordered it, though, I didn't realize that it is as small as it is. It would be adequate for one person who doesn't chow down on salad all day. I recomend the product if you don't have much salad to spin
I am very pleased with the Chemire Dinnerware Set.  It is very durable and the colors are great.  The dishes are larger than I had expected.  They are a little heavy due to the size and thickness.  I would recommend them to others
Like the other reviewers, it would be nice if the plastic was metal...but I love this little thing!  I usually have tons of honey everywhere.  Just put a little hot water in the base, let sit for a few minutes and it pours out great!  So easy that even my little kids can use it without making too much mess
Glasses focus aromas well and provide a nice counter-point to Reidel.  Anyone who worries about lead content need not because there is very little free lead in a glass and none is water soliable
Yes, it is made to be a decanter for half bottles, but yes it does easily hold a full bottle.  What I use this decanter for is to have a nice presentation of the wine at dinner.  So, I decant it then pour 2 to 4 glasses, and the rest of the wine sits in the decanter on the table until it is consummed.  If you use it in the same manner, you do not have to worry about the size (but again, it fits an entire bottle so do not fret about size unless you need maximum air contact).  I also bought a second one and use it as a water pitcher to have at the table, and guests love it
For the cheap price(on sale I think  it was $5)I paid on it, it is pretty good quality and is soft. If
I bought these sheets 6-8 months back. I have been using these sheets regularly. Even after many wash I don't see the sign of lint coming out. This seems to be one of my great value for money.
  . Very soft and cozy.
  . Excellent for winter.
  . Even after many wash there are no sign of lints
  . Excellent for the price
If you want the retro look and a super toaster.....this is the one for you. Toasts perfectly and looks great! I've had it about 4 months with no problems whatsoever. Make sure to measure your countertop area before ordering.....it's a big toaster. Shape is unusual (taller in back than the front)which gives it a little character! Excellent!
This Krups Toaster is the best I have ever used! 
Perfect toast every time. The wide slots center bagels properly and you have the option to toast the cut side only or both sides. The lift function eliminates trying to fish out small pieces with a fork or knife. 
The defrost function works great.
If large bread slices dont fit properly horizontally, they will fit vertically as the toaster is deep enough to handle these large slices.
The crumb tray slides out easily, eliminating the usual mess in cleaning out a toaster.
All in all, the best toaster I have ever owned
I was going to buy The Lello 45900 Ariete Espresso/Cappuccino Maker, because the price was so good , but I waited over three months because it was not in stock so I looked for a replacement and this machine was more than twice the price, but after using it, it's more than twice the machine I think , on the Amazon description it says the pump is a 16-bar pump , But after checking reviews on different web sites I think Amazon made a mistake because on all the other web sites ,it says the a pump  to be 17.5 bar pump, that's even better , And the other thing that I like, was the fact that it had a CD , that was not said on the description either , I never use a espresso machine before so seeing a short little videos was very helpful , shows and explains the basics, from making espresso two frothing the milk ,cleaning tips and more very helpful . 
So I made myself my first shot of espresso , it was great nice little cream on top,  it just looked beautiful , I didn't think it would work to good because I bought some pods, and I wasn't sure how it would work , works  great , taste great and  easy to clean , second day I made myself a latte again excellent.  
Third day I got adventurous I made myself my first cappuccino, and again great put Starbucks to shame.  
The espresso I was using was the ILLY Sucro Espresso Pods 906,
Naturally the espresso you use is actually more important than the machine I guess this one taste great ,about different type of syrups caramel vanilla hazelnuts Irish cream , the syrups brand was daVinci ,So yes I am very satisfied with this machine , and I guess I got lucky because this one was out of stock for a long time 
I purchased this in Cobalt Blue. It goes with my Fiestaware dishes, as well as my Pzaltsgraf and Longerberger Pottery. I also agree that the color and glaze are beautiful, and much nicer in person than online. It has a large capacity, and pleasing lines. I'll most likely purchase an additional one in another color for larger holiday meals, to be able to use more than one
We've had this toaster for over a year and my family loves it. It toasts consistently. It accommodates all widths. And the digital selector is great
This is just what I was looking for.  I use it for the few dishes that don't make it in to the dishwasher, but mostly for drying the baby bottles.  The bottle drying systems are pretty ugly and can only be used for that purpose.  This drying rack is very useful for the bottles and dishes
This is a great heater. It warms up the room very quickly, it has a nice feature of oscillating, it also works as a fan; the thermometer is good
I had a regular incandescent book like in the same format with the light on an extendable arm.  Lasted a good while but the bulb finally went and I couldn't find a good replacement.  I saw the Triple LED book light and knew right away that it would be perfect.  I looked at a lot of lights and nothing compares to this.  You get great light that you can direct exactly where you need it.  And it only uses AAA batteries! Defintely gets the 5 star rating
I received the shams, and was suprised with the colour.  These are almost a mustard yellow, not what I would call sunlight.  The picture shown reflects a lot of light, thus looking paler.  The quality looks to be good, and I did wash and iron them.  They do look good with my Bedspread (A Blue Laura Ashley Floral) and pick up the yellow in it.  For the price, I think they are a good buy.  It's nice to have a change now and again...
I was one of the lucky ones to get this king size comforter. It appears to be a little on the thin side, but is very warm. I got this for the dogs and they seem to like it. The pillow shams are only standard instead of king. Very good price too. ! ! ! !
Cuts like a Samurai blade quality, and doesn't need to steel as frequent as the Henckels/ Wusthof knives. It has excellent weight for a medium sized hand. However, the handles get quite slippery when wet, so keep your hands clean and dry while using this knife for safety. Also, if you plan on saving money on getting a cheaper steel, DON'T, because this Global blade is much harder than the Henckels/Wusthof blades; a qood quality Diamond coated or ceramic steel is a must, or if you really like the steel design, get the Global steel which can cost quite a bit. Overall, this is a good quality knife with proper care and attention needed, just like a Samurai would do to get use to his sword
      I have found this item to be very helpful. I only have 1 arm and dust pans are not an option , now when I spill something I can clean it up on my own
We are using 2 Love seat throws for an old L-shaped sectional sofa. It really transformed the green plaid sofa into a nice burgundy color. The material quality is great for the price. 
The only drawback is the width of the throw just barely manages to go over the back of the sofa and it keeps slipping, say about once a day. The throw is basically a rectangular piece of cloth with no in-built mechanisms to hold in place (e.g. a velcro system, straps, etc). So you have to put the throw over the sofa again neatly.
If you don't mind arranging the throw about once a day, this will be a very inexpensive and great looking cover for your sofa.
I bought two of these, one blue and one yellow and they're beautiful. There is no way you could buy this fabric alone for this price. It is not fitted -- as one can see in the picture. It covers my hefty futon couch very nicely and I'm completely pleased with this product. I do recommend it
I bought two of these beds for when my grands visist. It is wonderful. Since then I have had several adults utilize the bed and all have said they will buy one. It was like sleeping on a water bed only better and it is level like a bed. Grea
I HAVE FOUND THIS TO BE A VERY GOOD PRODUCT, AND EASY TO USE. I WOULD GIVE IT A 5 STAR RATING IF ALL THE REMOVABLE PARTS COULD BE WASHED IN A DISHWASHER. I CAN'T SEE WHY THEY COULD NOT BE
As previously mentioned, while they call this red, it is really a burnt-orange.  If you are trying to match some other red beware!
The potholders themselves are very functional and if color isn't an issue, then buy these!
The cookies were amazing. I really liked using these cutters. They came 5 days earlier which was perfect since I was doing them for bridal shower favors. The only problem I had was that I ordered two of the same size, and when they came in the mail, one was smaller. I had two different size cookies
This stock pot is enamel on steel, not cast iron, it was never meant to be. No reason for any confusion. I've had mine for 5 years, there are no chips or scratches. No matter what I've made; spaghetti sauce, posole or any kind of soup. Nothing has ever burned, nor has the enamel come away from the pot. Turn the heat down, I always get perfect results.
LeCreuset comes with a great guarantee in regards to workmanship and defects. Shame on anyone who purchases cookware in this day and age and doesn't follow up with the manufacturer when there is an issue such as some I've read above
As a vintner we remove the CO2 from the wine as part of our process.  This device uses CO2 to "pop" the cork--very clever.  However this minor introduction of CO2 is insignificant and will vent quickly.  At times there is an off-taste --like a lubricant or something which affects the initial taste of the wine. Let it breath for a while -- 5 minutes or so and it seems OK.  
This device works well on corks, but is a hit and miss on composites and plastics.  Do not use it on partially filled bottles as it takes to much gas from the small cylinder to be effective.
REW
The quality of the china is very good. The weight and feel of the product is substantial. I was disappointed in the color and antique look to them. From the pictures I thought the color was going to be more of a buttercream yellow rather than ivory white and the antiquing more attractive. They almost look dirty instead of antiqued but the price is right and they are certainly adequate for every day use for my family
I've have looked for a very long time for this lighter quality and easy to wring out washcloths. They are also a nice large size.  So many of the thicker washcloths can only be used once or maybe twice because they cannot be wrung out properly. The colors of the towels are also beautiful. I'm buying more for our guest bathroom.  Thank goodness I searched on Amazon. I don't believe these wonderful Martex New Splendor items are sold anywhere else
This pillow holds the heart shape better than I expected from some of the other reviews.  We have been careful so that it does not burst because of others warnings about the mess.  Still my daughter has made good use of this pillow and still sleeps with it every night
This whisk is excellent; it is well made and easy to clean.  I use mine all the time to beat eggs for making omelets etc.  It is excellent quality that will last a lifetime.  Highly recommended! A+ 
About a month ago, a friend gave me her GF tenth anniversary grill because she said she had no room for it in her kitchen. In return, I grilled up some home-made sausage and veggies and had her and her family over for a great supper! I really love this grill. Even though it's got a big surface area, it's no trouble for me to either take it out or put it away, and it cleans really easily. My tip for cleaning is to rub the grilling plates with damp paper towels while the grill is still fairly warm; the charred stuff wipes right off!
I wish this large grill had interchangeable plates for griddling and making waffles, like the smaller G5 version does. Just imagine the big breakfasts you could serve up with this baby! I do suppose extra plates would make this grill too hard to manage, though, given its size. 
Bottom line: I'd highly recommend this grill, especially if you're using it for a family of four or more
The refill accessory (in both 50 and 70 oz sizes) definitely cuts the refill-maintenance in half. Since it doubles the capacity you only refill half as often. You still have to clean the fountain regularly as recommended. A different reviewer mentioned that the clear reservoir is not dishwasher-safe, and that warning is stated quite clearly in the manual. Throwing caution to the wind I ignored the warning and now have an oddly-shaped container that with some squeezing still works as expected
Saw a demo of this at a local Sur la Table and very impressed. The coffee it makes is outstanding. I plan to buy one later this year.
Amazon is being deceptive about price. They state list price is $2400, and they're selling it for $1798.95, at a savings of $601.05. NOT! Look at the Jura-Capresso website. The list for the Impressa F9 is $1799. That brings Amazon's big discount down to a whole $0.05. The higher end Impressa S9 is $2399 (and Amazon claims it is $3200). Do your research. Don't trust Amazon's claims for MSRP
This cooks bacon crisp without any mess or spatter.  Just place a couple of paper towels over the bacon.  I was using my George Foreman grill, but this is easier to clean
Let me preface my review by saying that I am a 25-year-old woman who isn't really big on doing chores. I got a Dyson for Christmas, and just tried out the dusting brush last week. My immediate reaction was: "THIS IS GENIUS!" It is great for dusting computers, televisions, lampshades, bookcases (mine are unfinished wood with several crevices, so normal dusting never seemed to help), the tops of books, CD organizers, ceiling fan blades, metal bedframes...I have dusted so many things with the Dyson attachment, and it works beautifully. This attachment will not disappoint, trust me. It's already made my life so much easier and cleaner
We bought this canister set to compliment the stoneware we purchased from the same set.  I am especially impressed with the seal used on these canisters.  You would swear it is mechanical; the lids open easily, yet seal tight when simply placing the lid on the canister.  They are very high quality and look much better than the stainless steel ones we were considering before finding these.  Recommended
Purples are most of the time hard to match, not with the Fiestaware Plum Sugar Packet Caddy.  The color matched just perfectly and all I could do is smile
These sheets were the color, size, and quality described. However, if you tend to roll over, instead of picking yourself up when you turn over while sleeping... your sheets will very quickly begin to ball. Yes, those tiny little balls you get on the clothes you wear. Within about 6 - 8 weeks, the sheets have balls on the areas were the most friction happens. 
They are otherwise great sheets... but they don't act like egyptian cotton. They are thick, warm, but lack the softness of egyptian cotton and feel almost heavy like twill (soft twill, mind you), but they don't feel anything like my previous sets of egyptian cotton sheets I paid more money for. Pay for the real thing if you want soft, non-balling sheets
This pan is a good example of Calphalon quality and the design is very versatile. Start a saute on the stove, add ingredients, then put it in the oven for a quick roast or broil. I am also planning to use this to roast pork and chicken in the oven.
The metal handles stay suprisingly cool, I have only had to use a potholder when getting it out of the oven.
I hate washing dishes, but this pan cleans like a dream.
The only thing I don't like about it is the high price
The glasses are nice quality, but like the majority of other people who ordered these they arrived broken because of insufficient packing material.
You would think someone at amazon would fix the problem instead of shipping these over and over again
Bought this opener because I was tired of trying to open tall cans with an average size electric opener.Not only does it open cans that are taller, but it does it with ease. Locks on can top, stays on through entire cycle. My last opener would often get half way through the can and miss spot before juming off track. Not this one! I am very pleased
easy to use and easy to clean and storem look online for jerky recipie
Once you cure it (instructions included), this wok is as stick-free as teflon, but not as toxic. The handle stays cool, and it fits nicely on the burner with its flat bottom. It's a well-made piece of cookware
Luigi Bormioli has proven to me that they possess the exceptional quality of service that I would like to be able to expect from all vendors.  When my product arrived broken from shipment, amazone.com would not replace it due to the fact that it was past their deadline.  I contacted the Luigi Bormioli company and they were heappy to replace the broken glasses.  When they arrived, however, they were the wrong glasses.  I returned them to the company, along with the broken glasses I had received to be sure they sent the correct glasses.  Again they happily sent new glasses and even included a few extra in case any broke in shipment again.  I would highly recommend these glasses and this company
I find that these filters are the most consistent in fit, easiest to seperate and do the best job of filtering
I recently purchased this double boiler and I am very happy with it.  It is a good quality stainless and that is important.  I love the "vintage" style, it is a satin finish and has an interesting shape, much like one that Grandma had many years ago.  The boiler insert is 6" deep, not counting the lid, and perfect for making frosting, candy, custard, anything that requires gentle cooking.
This bowl is shallow enough to serve from and deep enough to really load it up.  I use mine constantly, and didn't think I would when I bought it.  We reach for this ahead of all the other bowls and platters I own.  I love my Fiestaware, you can't go wrong with these durable and colorful dishes
The bat house is neat, fun to set-up and interesting to watch as it attracts fruit bats to my yard.  It serves 2 purposes, a home for fruit bats while is environmentally friendly and esthetics to my yard.  
The fruit bats that live in it durng the late sprng to very early autumn control the mosquito problm making my yard healthier. 
The stool is excellent quality - looks good and works well.  The surprise is the weight - very heavy
This is a very nice pan for $20.  The non-stick surface works very well, even without cooking oil.  The heavy aluminum heats up very evenly.  The glass lid helps prevent over-cooking.  Of course, non-stick pans are for low-to-medium heat only.  You cannot use this pan for high-heat stir frying
This was one pattern that both my wife and I could agree on.  The design is clean and interesting and should fit with most decors.  I purchased two of the 16 piece sets from Amazon for $...  set and with the free vegtable bowles, no tax and free shipping, this was by far the best deal on the internet.  My first set arrived with two broken salad plates and one broken dinner plate.  My second set arrived with one broken salad plate.  The repacement set arrived with one broken salad plate.  The vegtable bowles arrived intact.  The quality seems to be first rate.  No warped plates or design flaws, but a few item did have some minor cosmetic flaws.  Amazon was GREAT at resolving the damaged goods issues, but needs to seriously rethink the packaging of fragile items.  The only fault I could find with this set is that the soup bowles are a little on the small side.  I recommend that you read and following the cleaning and maintenance directions and this set should give many years of service
Product works well but, I wish it moved greater volume of air. Runs 24/7 since Oct. 30
I HAVE THESE ON MY BED RIGHT NOW-THEY ARE WONDERFUL. I AM NOT QUITE SURE WHAT THE COMPLAINTS ARE ABOUT. I GOT THESE IN A GOLD COLOR AND THEY ARE WONDERFUL...YES, THEY GET WRINKLED. BUT I PUT THEM ON MY BED WHEN THEY ARE STILL HOT OUT OF THE DRYER AND SPRAY THEN WITH A WRINKLE RELEASER WHEN I PUT THEM ON THE MATRESS. I LOVE THEM. I HAVE A 20" WIDE MATRESS AND THEY FIT SO NICELY! FOR THE THREAD COUNT-THE PRICE IS RIGHT! I AM SURE THAT YOU WILL ENJOY THESE AS MUCH AS I DO
This soup tureen and bowls are the greatest.  I use them a lot, and just throw them in the dishwasher.  Great value
Does it look and feel cheap? Yes! Does it do exactly what I expect it to? (Make coffee automatically at a pre-programmed time in the morning) Yes! I've used it to make coffee before I wake up every morning for almost a month, though the design of the pot itself is pretty bad (I kinda expect it to break or otherwise fail sooner or later) it's done the job so far and I can't complain. 
I really like these glasses.  They are attractive and pleasant to hold.  I prefer having a wine glass that doesn't contain a lot of wine - which is why I got these since they are the smallest in this line
I planted these last Wed.  It is now Tues and I think by tommorow I will be able to harvest.  They grow so fast you can't believe it.  When I wake up they look like they have grown so much, by the time I go to bed they are even bigger!!  It was very easy to plant and all I do is make sure they have water.  There is a chance you can get mold, but I have not had that problem.  I will buy more from this seller!  I am looking into the mushroom kits
I purchased this item last christmas and have used it to airate many red wines. I have had no issues with the decanture being delicate. Infact we machine wash it after each use. The only issue I have had is when we first recieved the decanture we had difficulty placing the dacanture in the stand correctly. Other than that it is a wonderfully stylish piece of glassware when not being used and a quality redwine decanture
This is truly a great waffle maker to have if you have kids. They love to eat them and make their own
I like this pan because of the tapered shape.  It cooks sauces without boiling over because it is tall, and it sits perfectly on the small burner with no overlap for even heating.  The handles stay cool, and the clean up is easy.  Beautiful exterior also. Like all All Clad products, this pan is worth the money.  Long lasting and well designed.  The only thing I wish All Clad would add is hash marks on the interior so I could see when I have reduced a sauce to half. 
Le Creuset manufactures porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels as well as other quality products. The enameled cookware is cast from molten iron formed in sand moulds which are used only once. For this reason, one pan may look like another, but each is unique in its own way. 
Cast iron is a highly efficient material which absorbs and distributes heat efficiently. For this reason, it is recommended to use on low to medium heat. There are a few exceptions like boiling water where cooking on high heat is appropriate and okay. Otherwise, cooking with high heat may cause food to stick, discolor the enamel coating, or cook the food unevenly. Remove cast iron from the heat and it does not cool off quickly. This helps your food stay warm while serving. Beware; iron tends to be heavy so these cooking vessels tend to be heavy as well. 
Cast iron is an effective material for cooking so why cover it with enamel? Iron tends to rust; iron oxide (rust) doesn't add any complimentary flavors to your food. If your cast iron cooking vessel was not enameled, you would have to season and maintain it. Adding the porcelain enamel not only looks good, but has multiple benefits. The enamel, being a solid coating, is one of the most hygienic surfaces to cook on, does not stain, absorb odors, retain flavors, and is easy to clean. The enamel can be damaged, so limit cooking tools to plastic or wood. 
The benefits of cooking with Le Creuset cast iron are many, but lets get down to the roasting pan specifically. This pan holds 5 1/4 quarts of food, measures 9 3/4 x 14 x 3 inches internally, and weighs 10.2 pounds. 5 1/4 quarts will typically feed 8 - 10 people when it comes to casseroles, so consider your recipes when determining the size you need. Except for roasts, the roasting pan tends to do best if at least 3/4 full. Any less and you may overwhelm your food with heat evenly dispersed in the pot. 
I find that the cast iron adds a crispy texture to food that may be desirable with a dish like mac-n-cheese, while not so desirable for other dishes. Add the Le Creuset 9 x 11 1/2 inch roasting rack for roasting chickens and pork loins keeping them out of the grease. Some other possibilities for this pan include casseroles, pork chops covered with cornbread dressing, dinner rolls, baked squash, lasagna, scalloped potatoes, cobblers, pineapple upside down cake, or bread pudding. The possibilities almost seem endless to your imagination. 
One feature that people tend to complain about is the cost. The cost does seem steep compared to other pans made from other materials. Heck, cast iron doesn't seem like it should be expensive when comparing to that old cast iron pan past generations have used for cornbread and camping. However the manufacturing process requires making a mould for each and every pan produced. They then go through the enameling process before shipping these heavy pans. If you take what goes into making and distributing these high quality cast iron products, the cost tends to make sense. Then consider that this pan will easily last a lifetime when taken care of. 
PROS: 
Extremely versatile 
Efficient absorption and distribution of heat 
Hygienic enamel cooking surface 
Does not stain, absorb odors, or retain flavors 
Easy to clean when not abused or misused 
Can be transferred from stove top to the oven to the table 
Can easily last a lifetime 
CONS: 
Its heavy, as cast iron tends to be weighing in at about 10.2 pounds
These sheet are nice and soft have them around 3 months now and can't wait until it's their turn to be put on my bed
We bought this pad for our 2 year-old son's twin bed and it was so nice that we later purchased one for our Queen sized bed.  It is soft and doesn't crinkle and make noise like other pads we've had.  It also washes in the machine really well.  We've washed my son's once a week since we bought it (about 6 months) and it hasn't changed a bit, still appears to be in great condition.  Both the twin and the queen fit our mattresses well
Cal King sheets, etc are extremely difficult to get in the stores OUTSIDE of CALIFORNIA.... this was just what I saw in Mervyn's in LA.... a couple dollars less than retail.  Arrived promptly.  Washed it as soon as I got it and no shrinkage.  SUCH A DEA
Put these next to the Riedel glasses and they show very nicely considering they are half the price
This is by far the best toaster we've ever owned. It does not have the thin metal elements that glow red like a conventional, so I don't know how it works yet, but it gets the toast perfectly brown on each side. A fan comes on and stays on to cool it down during and for a brief period after operation. The bagels we toasted in it were just perfect!
The microwave is large enough inside for my purposes, which are usually just reheating foods and defrosting. I never use microwave popcorn so I can't say how well it does in that area, but the frozen burrito I cooked last night came out terrific.
Regarding the comment one reviewer said about it not being space saving, I think what the company is referring to is the fact that, while the unit itself might have somewhat of a large footprint, it eliminates the need to have a separate toaster. This does indeed save space, not to mention an electrical outlet. Overall, I'm very pleased with it, but haven't had it long enough to speak to its longevity. I can tell you that it's almost worth buying for the toaster alone
I received my Mogu about 5 months ago and I've gone to sleep holding it ever since!
They really are nice to hold.
Would reccomend 100%
I ordered these glasses to have extra for a party. Fun shape drew compliments. I now shuffled them in to use as my everyday glasses (all matching!), but I do have concerns with cleaning the larger glass. With no dishwasher, I handwash everything and I find it hard to reach down into the recesses at the base of the tall curved glass. The smaller one is fine--my hand reaches
What a great masterpiece! This beautiful salt and pepper shaker set is an attractive, useful set. Great to use for bright rooms! Cheery color- even the pepper will brighten your day
Second set of these glases, and love them.  Don't sweat hold a full can of soda plus ice. Even without ice, the drink stays cold.  No problem with dropping ice in them, no breaking or cracking. Great product
these glasses are perfect for keeping drinks colder or warmer and the best part is you don't feel the temperture on the outside nor do you have condensation from the differences between inside and outside tempeture
It's a three-piece roasting rack--two sides and a long "pin" that holds them together. When assembled it has a rounded bottom and tall sides with handles. It's supposed to handle up to a 25 lb turkey, and after using it with a 22 lb turkey I believe that claim. The tall sides and handles make it easy to remove your turkey from your roasting pan, and the wide rounded base holds the turkey nicely up out of the drippings without crushing the rib cage the way angled racks do. In fact, my only beef with the shape was that it was too wide to fit in our Maxam Steel Roaster, which is currently my favorite roasting pan.
The truly cool thing about this rack, however, isn't the handles or the shape. It's that nifty pin at the bottom. You see, you just put your racked turkey down on its carving platter and pull the pin, then you simply remove the sides. That's it. They pull right away from the turkey, leaving it behind on its platter. No more trying to lever it out of your pan or off of its rack; it's right where you want it already.
For all of its non-stick properties the rack did take some real elbow-grease to clean--particularly when trying to get turkey goo out of the crevices between bars--but that isn't very surprising. It does make it unfortunate that the dishwasher is not recommended for this product, however. Also, there is one problem that did bother us; it seems that some of the non-stick coating at the bottom of the rack flaked off during cooking. We thought that perhaps the initial 30 minutes at 500 F was too high a temperature for the rack, but there is no maximum temperature listed on the packaging that I could find.
I'm still giving this item a rating of four because it's just so incredibly cool an idea, and so remarkably useful, but I have to admit that I'm not thrilled with the idea of a non-stick coating that flakes, and I wish the item was dishwasher-safe. I'd love to see Cuisipro develop a version of this item made out of a better material
Some reviews make it sounds like every EC701 is defective out of the box.  So far, I've made 40 shots of espresso and 10 steamed ciders, and I've been very pleased with the product.  I've been working on improving my technique and now I think the espresso is excellent.  I prefer my homemade shots to the stuff I buy at Starbucks and most other cafes, though this could be due to delusional pride in my own amateur baristaship.  Also, I may be over-excited because I'd wanted an espresso machine for so long.  The negatives (so far) are that it looks like there are is a fair amount of ongoing maintenance cleaning of the machine, though I doubt that this is unique to this brand.  Also, as others have mentioned, the espresso spout is low, so I drink my coffee out of ceramic ramikins (although aren't low spouts authentic?).  Also, I haven't gotten the steamer working quite right and I always end up with cappuccinos (all foam) even if I'm trying to make a latte.  Hopefully I'll get better with time.  As for reliability, I've only made 40 shots, so I can't speak to the long-term quality, but so far, so good.  And heck, 40 espresso drinks at Starbucks would've cost me over $120 by now, although making it at home still isn't free -- if you use the convenient pods, it's still about 50 cents a shot, and Illy beans are expensive (right now, I'm using an unground dark-roasted Kona, which is deep and very smooth)
It makes the cleanest and purest coffee I have ever tasted.  I also use a Moka pot, A french press, and a drip  and only the press rivals the taste of this vacuum pot.  To those who had failures and could not get it apart, I have no idea what you are doing wrong, there is little to go wrong.  FIll the lower pot, put on the upper pot with grinds in it, heat it, watch the water infuse the grinds,, remove from heat and let it  go back down.  What is there to go wrong?  
If it fails to go back to the lower pot there must have been a vacuum leak, pull it apart and let gravity do it, or just stick something in it and dislodge the filter if you are in a hurry.    There is no vacuum up top so how the coffee got "stuck" up there defeats all I know about physics, just dump the stuff into the sink if it fails to go back through the filter; it is pretty simple.  If it doesn't work for you I'd call it user error, try again, If you can boil water this should pose no problem
I have used it 100s of times with not one failure
I have tried many different coffee makers and being a coffee junkie I keep looking for the combination of simplicity, cost and excellent coffee - this has all three!
The first two or three times I tried this the coffee didn't come out that good, either too weak or not enough body but now I have it down and the coffee is excellent. I make a double espresso and then add in extra water to fill my travel mug for my 2 hour commute each day. 
The other good news... I've now found a good use for my single cup coffee maker - it produce the right amount of water at the right temprature  to use in the aeroexpress.
A good way to make a cup of coffee.  Particularly good if you want a fresh brewed taste, but don't need to brew a full pot for only one or two people.  Can be stored in a cabinet or drawer, eliminating the use of counter space.  A must have for small kitchens
High quality, soft and absorbent.  Large, all cotton bath sheets are
exactly as described, and really hold up in laundering and usage.  
Great items
Great!  I love it!!  Goes great with my kitchen
This is a massive skillet! Be warned it's heavy, but the handle and front grip help a lot when food is in the pan. It's preseasoned right out of the box and with a bit of care and extra seasoning this pan is great. I would have liked a cover to prevent grease splatter, but the high walls on the side help keep some of the splatter down
I like the style, weight and size of this set, but I'm not sure how it is going to hold up in the dishwasher. I've had it about a month and am starting to see some rust like spots on some of the pieces like have been mentioned in other reviews. We'll see if they get worse.
Aside from finding out most like their waffles made a little more toasty and having to use the '4' setting, it's pretty idiot proof if you coat it with a little oil first and make sure it's warmed up (keep it closed).  I modify my waffle recipes and it works fine regardless what I do.    Sure, they occasionally stick and I don't always get the batter in right, and the temperate may vary a wee bit the longer it's on, but this isn't a $100 device, it's just a nice little waffle maker
I use this in my 29 gallon, and the filter is excellent. The best part about it is the ability to control the amount of water brought in. It is also very quiet. However, when the power goes out and comes back on, it won't begin working again. You must add water to it to get it up and running. This has been a problem when I've gone on vacation and I've come home to cloudy water. The refills are also pretty expensive, and can get a bit messy. It's all worth it, though. It keeps my tank in nice condition. :
Locally one box of 5 runs about 2/3 of the cost of this case lot of 5 boxes. A terrific savings
Everything about our Miele (Red Velvet) vacuumn cleaner is top notch, including the bags. The nicest thing about them is the way you can slide a protective piece of cardboard over the bag hole when removing the bag. This prevents the dust and other vacuum dander from escaping as you walk the bag to your trash from the cleaner. 
This is just a small detail, but it exemplifies the thought that goes into this company's products
I've had the grind and brew for almost 3 years, and have never had any problems. It makes great coffee, it's not that hard to clean, and it has adjustable settings for temperature and coffee strength, so if you fiddle with it a little, you can get it to make exactly the coffee you want.
I gave one to my cousin a couple of years ago as well, and it turned him into a total coffee addict.
Excellent value towels! Wash first so absorbantcy is best right away. Blue color is gorgeous
i really like the electric skillet, it is the first one, i have bought. it is big enough to fry a chicken cut in half,both halves at once, and deep enough to make a stew. easy to clean just like promised. the only thing i was not so happy about was the handles. they give a lot, they bend, and one of mine is already broken. but that is really the only complain i have and i consider it a minor and would buy the skillet again
I love this - it keeps the bed toasty. I takes some time to warm up the bed. I turn it to 5 and leave it there for an hour. When I get it, it's very nice and I turn it down to 1 or 2. I find if I keep it on 5 all night I roast. I do prefer this product to an electric blanket. It hasn't made a noticable impact on my electricity bills, and it was worth the purchase price. 
If you have a big pillowtop mattress, the pad doesn't quite fit like a generously sized fitted sheet. Otherwise, I would have given the product 5 stars
Works great. I purchase 3, one for my husband and 2 more for my children. Good design. However, it would be nice to have a bit more room on the station to accomodate larger products like a Blackberry, an Ipod and a Gameboy. The station is not wide enough to put three products like this on at one time
It's not the most amazing space saving contraption in the world, but it works.  Definitely helps reduce clutter
In 1970 I was given a set of Presto waterless cookware along with a pancake griddle.  At that time they didn't have non-stick griddles.  Through the years the handles broke, but the grill fit over my stainless steel sink, so no problem.  In 1999 I figured it was time to replace it with a new one.  I really loved it because it never stuck and once again I could rely on it.  In 2002 I started a Pancake Breakfast to raise money for our club.  It started with my Presto grill and soon I added a second one.  Over the next 18 months we raised $3,500 with those two grills, serving pancakes, french toast, bacon, etc.  My 3rd grill is still going strong and puts out our Sunday breakfasts at home.  It is so refreshing to be able to depend upon the quality of an appliance these days.  Thank you Presto
I've been wanting a knife sharpener for decades but just couldn't justify spending over one hundred dollars on one when, wa la, I discovered the Wusthof 2904 model on Amazon!  It's so easy to use and, while the scissor sharpener does take some practice, it's wonderful to have useable kitchen shears and regular scissors once again!
Sheryl, California
This is a fine dehyrator. It's quick and powerful. The description says the trays are 13.5 inches but that text was lifted from the description for the FD-50/60. This model (FD-1010) has 15.25 inch trays which adds almost one square foot to the area of the 13.5 inch tray. Multiply those larger trays by 30 (the maximum capacity) and you got a huge amount of drying surface
I was a little hesitant to spend over $10 for a splatter screen as most of them really aren't worth more than a few bucks.  However, I am VERY glad that I spent the extra money on this one.
The quality of this item is top notch.  It's much more sturdy than any others that I've seen.  I've been using this splatter screen for a few months now and still love it.  The feet on the bottom are very helpful in controlling messes.  The handle is terrific (some screens only have either a D ring on the top or a thin handle) and seems to stay cool while in use.
This even got raves from my mother
This machine is larger than many ceramic models but nice looking and heats very well. The fan is very quiet. I like that you can use it as a fan without heat as well. My only complaint is that the blue LCD that tells the temperature does not dim or shut off and is VERY bright. Too bright for a bedroom. Really lights it up. I'll be looking for some way of safely masking it. Otherwise very nice but hope it lasts
I needed a canister vacuum that wasn't too expensive that did a decent job on my hardwood and laminate floors.  This vacuum worked out well.  All we had was an upright and it just didn't cut it for our floors.  This turned out to be a good product for the price
I bought this fan on the recommendation of a friend.
At the end of a hot day, the temperature inside of my apartment is higher than outside.; this fan takes care of removing the hot air and bringing in cool air from the outside.
It barely fit the width of my window, but extender can be purchase afterwards if that`s a problem. Very easy to install and operate, there is a thermostat so the fan turns on when the temperature gets too high.
Perfect for smaller rooms.
Also the price is definitely right.
This mill performs as promised and is beautiful to boot.  I would expect to pay much more for such a product.  The grind is even and consistent.  The appearance is sleek and modern, yet classic.  I would highly recommend this mill and will consider buying another in the future as a gift. 
As a person who loathes cheap, clutter, infomercial  widgets I bought this out or sheer curiosity imagining it would be returned the same day.  This opener is large, requires an electric plug and takes up counter space.  But to my surprise it works amazingly well.  There is a foil cutter that is stored in the base.  The screw enters cleanly and seems to eliminate broken and shredded corks which can be frustrating.  Hold the button again and the cork emerges from the device and drops out.  I always liked my sturdy and simple stainless steel opener.  But this turned out to be a keeper. It's design is contemporary and clean, although it looks like it should do something more profound than just pull a cork. It's also a conversation piece provoking smiles from guests. A pleasant surprise, highly recommended and especially so for a person who lacks hand or wrist strength.
Does what it claims to, elegantly, but small leaf particles get through the filter.  Takes time for tea to brew
I recently ordered this sandwich maker, as I'd been missing the one I had in the UK.  I am really pleased with it, it makes excellent toasted sandwiches in a short period of time.  They make great snacks and I would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for this type of appliance
This dish rack fits into small spaces and holds a decent capacity of plates, etc. Perfect for a small apartment kitchen! LOVE IT!
This pillow looks simple enough, but there must have been a lot of research put into inventing it!  The DogBone (medium size, about 16"w--i don't remember specific dimensions) instantly relieved many aches i had in my neck without forcing me to lie down in a flat position (which often gives me a headache and makes it impossible to read while lying down).  I'd been to the doc quite a few times for the back/neck problems i've had lately, but no Rx worked quite as well as this delightful cushion.  My only issues with it are cleaning (stuffing's packed very tight, so i'd rather not try it out in the washer for fear of mold/mildew; i spray it with disinfectant every once in a while instead) & the outer material (an optional moisture-wicking or allergen-reducing pillowcase would be nice).  However, I bought it based on earlier reviews, and I don't regret it
Since I have been pleased with my T-Fal pressure cooker, I purchased this pan based on the quality of craftsmanship. I like this pan for frying. Its stainless steel with the thick aluminum heat diffuser bottom makes it robust (it is warp free). Other aluminum pans tend to warp over time. The nonstick surface seems to be less prone to scratches. However, I always recommend non metallic utensils for piece of mind. The center heat indicator is helpful to know when it's ready.
I wish I had gotten one of these a long time ago.  Easily makes 8 pancakes or 4 grilled cheeses.  My wife can even use it without burning stuff - which she admits is a feat for her - so she uses it several times a week too.  It holds heat well, cleans up easy, and the lip on the corner works great for draining.  Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that the ceramic bottom scrapes pretty easily and it was fairly marked up after only 1 use on a regular coil burner stove - with gas you should be fine.  It hasn't seemed to effect the performance though, and for the money it is quite perfect
I just received this griddle today and am SO disappointed to find on the small print on the box (and NOT in Amazon's description!) that this griddle can NOT be used on ceramic top stoves. It's a beautiful piece of cookware, heavyweight and with grease pour spouts at the edges. Exactly what I wanted, but very unfortunate that Amazon doesn't tell you that it won't work with some stoves. The warning on the box actually says that using this griddle on a ceramic stove can break the ceramic top. Probably would have given it 5 stars if I could have used it
Many of you reading these reviews may be wondering how this compares to similar items made of cast iron.   I can tell you that, while it obviously isn't cast iron and for that reason alone many will say it is inferior, it is still an excellent griddle.
The bottom is very heavy and it conducts heat well.  It fits perfectly over 2 burners on one side of my gas stove.  I've cooked several sandwiches at once on it as well as pancakes and some eggs, and the heat seems to distribute very evenly.  I was very impressed with this aspect of the griddle, as cast iron is known for its even heating and I was wondering how an aluminum griddle would hold up; it definitely does a fine job.
The bonus, of course, is the nonstick surface, and it's a good one, not some chintzy teflon coating. Good quality construction.  The handles are solid and it doesn't feel cheap at all when you hold it.  Take care of this griddle (make sure it doesn't get scratched) and it will take care of you
I have a manual sharpener, but in reality almost never use it. The electric sharpener makes keeping my knives sharp a no-brainer. There's a coarse grinder for knives that are dull. For most knives the fine- and polishing-grinder works just great. If you have inexpensive knives, the coarse grinder will chew them up, but if you have well-made knives the Waring will work well. I've had good success with the Waring
very nice, warm blanket, but too big for a full size bed, way too big
    Took the pan home and promptly fried a steak on high, thereby causing an apartment full of smoke and a pile of burnt crud on the pan, including a large stain, seemingly impossible to get off.  Tried everything including the company's recommended bleach method.  No luck!  Then I tried baking soda as suggested in one of the reviews here, and it just simply wiped away the damage.  Like new!......Then I set about reading the instruction booklet and have had great results using low heat.  It's really a different way of cooking, but the fried stuff comes out just as if I'd used high heat on another pan.  Stainless steel's great, too, of course, but this is a worthy and earthy alternative.  I take the perspective that the ceramic layer gives the pan a solid foundation for the seasoning process. 
We have had a set of eight of these in Sea Mist and have used them for morning coffee for several years.  They will sit on Fiestaware saucers just fine.  
I have never burned myself with the handle as mentioned below, but tend to hold it with two hands or with the saucer together, not just by the handle.  Fiestaware is very sturdy and even if the handle were larger might feel heavy in one hand.  
(They are made like hotel china, essentially.  Homer Laughlin is a hotel china company, in fact.  The first set of dishes I had from them decades ago were some of their hotel line.)
For a bigger cup for cafe au lait style, I can recommend the Fiestaware "jumbo cups."  We have a set of those in Sea Mist and use them for coffee, but also for heating soup in the microwave.  They are both great.  Never been disappointed with Fiestaware
Very well made. A quality item. Works just as described in booklet
We have owned the Breadman Corner Bakery for about eight months now.  It has made our house smell wonderful.  I have to say I don't use the recipes that came with it, so I won't judge those.  For the price this is a beautiful machine.  The pan has a solid heft to it, not like some of the other bread makers with seemingly flimsy aluminum pans.  We have made many types of bread in it and have even churned butter from heavy cream.  The best kind of bread is the one made in the pan right after making butter.  With a toddler and a baby, it is nice not to have to run to the store everyday to buy fresh bread or rolls.  The only time our bread has turned out not so good is when an ingredient has been forgotten.  Without the yeast it wasn't quiet the same but our house smelled great
My daughter used this set and now my son uses it.  We threw out the fork by mistake so I'm ordering another set -- the fork is just perfect for a toddler but my almost 6-year old still loves the fork.  I'd highly recommend this
I bought this heater to head my bedroom/finished basement.  The room is 16'x21' with 9 food ceilings.  The heater does a fantastic job at heating the room, though takes a while (~1 hour) to do so.... which is fine with me.  I really like the fact that it is dead quiet and has a convienent lcd timer.  
My only complaint is that it is rather large/long
We have finished our basement and have a home theater room which is on the cool side.  WE bought this heater to warm up the room and it works great
I was lucky to get the Stainless Popper on Clearance.  It is wonderful. We have used it for several months now.  It is so fast and the pop corn is like movie theatre pop corn.  I am so disappointed that Target is not carrying the stainless model anymore.  My college children who don't live at home want their own, even my daughter who had not been a popcorn fan.  I'm sorry to hear about problems with the all aluminum models.  When I bought mine, I chose stainless because I knew it could handle the high heat well - and of course the bottom can go in the dishwasher.  Hey, Target, how about carrying the stainless model again? 
I bought a few of these collars out of desperation. In the past, my cats got out of any kind of safety collar within an hour of putting them on.  Since I was moving recently, I was especially afraid of the cats getting lost during the move or at our new home.  I bought these collars because of the reviews, and everything that the other reviewers say is true.  The only thing I'll add is that one of my cats managed to chew through his collar over the course of several months, but it's still the only kind I'll use for him.  At this price, I can easily afford replacements
We had our kitchen gutted and completely redone. I built a knife holder to use in a drawer. Now, with the Wusthof 25-slot, I have removed my home-made holder. The drawer can be used to store other items. I can fit a huge assortment of the knives we have been using for several years. There is no need to buy a lot of new knives. Just use a sharpener and keep those old friendly knives. Having the knives up on the countertop makes them much more accessible and therefore easier to select and use. You can't go wrong with this super storage block
Looks great, just what I wanted -- I can't believe I have filled it up already (I feel like such a chef
We bought this hand blender to get rid of the problems created by the power cord on our Braun corded hand blender.  The Cuisinart took care of the problem.
Pros:  Very good power for blending, good battery charge life, easy to clean, clever modular construction (battery separates from motor, built-in plug and charger), does not roll off counter.
Cons:  Larger and heavier than the corder Braun.  This blender may be difficult to use for people with small hands.  Very short people may also find use difficult as the blender is over 16" long.
The surface finish of the plastic housing is very smooth, making clean-up easy.  I don't recommend washing the blending head in the dishwasher as this smooth surface may be degraded over time.  The heat of the dishwasher may also degrade the rubber seal around the blender shaft. Hand washing is easy and quick.
One reviewer suggested that Cuisinart's recommendation of leaving the battery pack/charger assembly plugged in all the time was bad for NiCad batteries.  This may shorten the battery life, but the charger charges them at a very slow rate;  this protects the batteries from what really damages them:  heat from fast charging.
As the charger draws only 1 watt of current, some may want to leave it plugged in continuously.
Current recommendations for care of NiCad batteries is to run them down until they no longer supply useful power.  Don't run them down completely as was the practice in the past.  The Cuisinart batteries will charge fully overnight.  They don't feel warm to the touch and this slow charging rate will extend their useful life
It was nice to be able to purchase just one mug.  The delivery was quick. 
For big birds, rib roasts, etc., you need a long knife to get a clean even slice. This knife delivers. It has great lines, and a ballanced feel. The forged blade is thin and flexible, yet still drives from the handle. The blade follows your directions well, and doesn't wander during a cut. A real gem with top quality construction. I'm a big fan of three rivet durability, but these contemporary handles look and feel so good that I chose them for the last three knives I purchased. Blade for blade, these knives are the best around. At this price, you can build a lifetime set in months istead of years
Although it has two prongs to do two shapes at the same time, I had problems with the cookies sticking together so I would recommend only using one mold at a time
Buy some rechargable batteries (4-AA's) and you're SET! This fan has saved me time and time again at work when a hot flash hits. Just having some airflow around my face seems to help. It's not a whirlwind, but just enough
I got tired of dragging out my trusty box grater to do small jobs like grating nutmeg, ginger or Parmagiana Reggiano so I picked this little gem up. It feels good in your hand (no surprise there...it's what Oxo is known for)is well-made and cleans up beautifully...every time. It is so easy now just to grab this guy and grate what needs to be grated that I find I am using whole spices more and more. Grab yourself one of these...you'll love it
This paper towel holder is perfect for our country kitchen; it's simple, functional, very easy to use, and would look as lovely in 1807 as it does today; we love it
good cooker, very functional, works well, been using it for a year and never had a problem
Being used to the swiftness of the Roomba (10 stars!), the Scooba seems very slow. It does not follow the wall as much as the Roomba but at the end of the cycle, the floor is clean and sweet-smelling.
On the downside, my carpet is at the same level as the flooring so I have to put up barriers to keep the Scooba on the hard surface only. In rooms where the floor is lower than the carpet, Scooba keeps to the hard surface just fine
ice bucket is smaller than i expected.  otherwise, a very good product
Not much to be said about this product.  Just watch for a low price and then stock up
Getting those decanters to dry without spots can be problematic. This is a big help.  The wide base allows better balance than you would think, and is really very secure.  I would prefer a larger balance point, but this does the job
Thest Waterford flutes are absolutely beautiful. I know that some may think they are a little pricey, but its worth it. They make a great bride/groom flute glass for the wedding reception. Also, its a great remembrance of your day!
They are so cute
THERE IS NO SUBSTITUTE FOR LE CREUSET'S ABILITY TO DISTRIBUTE HEAT EVENLY, WITHSTAND HEAT WITHOUT STAINING, AND TO TOP IT OFF, IT'S SOOOO EASY TO CLEAN! WORTH EVERY PENNY
works, looks good, fits in the fridge well enough....i'm happy with it :
Who needs the high tech stuff? This little frother couldn't be better! It works killer within seconds! It even works on my soymilk! I'm so impressed
We use this to serve ice water at meals.  It is so beautiful.  It holds a full 2 qts.  Not much else to say about it.  It is a water pitcher after all.  It is a pretty piece that just looks great on the table. We have two, one for each end of the table
I just recieved this a few days ago, and it really works great.  I purchased this for using with my non-stick cookware, and it works like a dream.  I made Alfredo sauce, and it thoroughly mixed everything with no problems, and the cheese didn't stick at all.  Great item, as well as product line..
I just bought this for my cat and it definitely keeps the mess and odor to a minimum. It cuts the cleaning time in half from 8-10 minutes of dumping the litter or sifting through it with a scoop, and spraying the box down- down to only 2 minutes. It's just overall so much better than any of the other litter boxes/litter maid products I've seen. And the price is reasonable. 
I wish I had this for my previous cats I've owned
If you are terrible at making rice as I am, this is a very helpful product.  The liquid tends to boil over if cooked at high temp in my microwave.  I cook the rice at 50% power for about 50% longer than the directions recommend and it comes out perfectly.  Easy clean up in the dishwasher.  It is a bit of a pain to store, but I'd buy it again.  Also comes with a steamer insert for cooking vegetables, etc. but I haven't tried that yet
I bought this product for our family to start making Pizzelles. Its so easy to make and the size is just perfect.
I would recommend this product to everyone. 
Kids can do this too
I like the idea of this bundt pan.  I made 3 batches of chocolate truffles on it. The recipe that comes with the pan is awesome.  HOWEVER, I have yet to figure out how to get the chocolates out easily. The first time, I used a non-stick spray (not vegetable oil).  I thought that might be my problem because the company recommends vegetable oil. On the next two batches, I poured vegetable oil in the little holes and spread it around using a pastry brush. Again, I had to fight to get the chocolates out. I kid you not -- my husband pounded on the pan with a big rubber mallet to get the chocolates to come out!  I must be doing something wrong. I will call customer service tomorrow -- but if there is a trick to this, they should have told you on the instructions on how to make the truffles!  Other than that, the chocolates turned out beautifully and I will use this pan again, even if I have to call my husband to help me out with his rubber mallet
These bowls are so pretty, the colors are great.  They are a lot heavier then I thought they would be also. I'm so pleased with this purchase
This is a wonderful item that your cat will love. I originally purchased a thermal mat from another website (more expensive with a pattern that I didn't like). My 3 cats fought over who would get to sleep on it, so I did a search and when I found this one, I ordered one for each of them. This cat mat has been such a hit with my furfaces and is such a great deal that I just ordered 3 more, for my dad, sister and a friend to give to their cats. I've seen similar thermal cat mats for $50+. The pattern that appears on the super soft side is a dark green with subtle black leopard print and the other side is black faux-sheepskin. My cats like both sides. You can throw them in the washing machine and fur doesn't stick to the smooth patterned side, which is nice. Of all of the cat beds I have purchased, including a heated window-mounted bed that plugged into the wall, this mat is my kitties' favorite thing to sleep on
We run an informal barn cat rescue.  This winter the temperature has been quite cold and our barn cats love the slumber mats in their little shelters.  I couldn't believe that they would work so well, but they do
Completely satisfied it boils fast and looks great on the kitchen counter. From   England so used a lot for cups of tea.Have tried several makes but cant beat this for quality and price M.William
My girlfriend received this kettle last Christmas and it's still working...I even use it at times.  So easy to use, fill it up 3/4 of the way with water and push down the red tab thingy. Nice and hot in 30-45 seconds...a minute for larger cup full
great for the money. Feel like expensive sheet. Very happy with it. Just hope it is available with other colors
I am very satisfied with my purchase. The quality is as described and I will buy more!
Soft, comfortable, perfect.  I came back to buy more. I want to throw the rest of my sheets away.  I was reluctant to buy sheets without being able to touch them first, but am so glad I took the chance
This claims to be 100% cotton, but my girlfriend who isn't allergic to cotton broke out in insane hives all over her body.  We figured it was the blanket because we didn't use it on some days and one day it was horrible, she was using that only.
It's probably cursed by the devil.
Aside from this, it's nice, soft, and also light enough to use as a summer blanket, which I plan on doing. 
Rapid, efficient,sturdy and easy to clean. Must to attached to the edge of a counter and the right edge was hard to find. I hand pitted cherries for 90 minutes and completed the same number in 15 minutes with the cherry pitter
This product was much better than I expected. I have owned a Cuisinart hand held mixer for over 10 years and it recently gave up the ghost (too many cookies)!
So in searching for a replacement I tried a KitchenAid mixer instead. What a disappointment! It didn't have the power I had experienced with my 7 speed Cuisinart. I didn't want to spend more money on another 7 speed (and I couldn't find one locally) so I decided to try the 3 speed figuring I would have to settle for a degrading in power.
Surprise, surprise the 3 speed is just as good if not better than my previous 7 speed and less than half the price!
I would definitely recommend this mixer. Good product and I have always found Cuisinart's customer service people to be helpful when I have had to call
I love these glasses.
I think the traditional stemmed wine glass is fine, but I find this far more practical, while being elegant at the same time.
I have the set for Sauvignon Blanc as well, which are very nice.
I'll be buying more. 
This comforter is wonderful. Beautiful fabric and a very warm and comfortable piece. I am delighted to have purchased it
My mom has arthritis in her hands pretty bad. Most peelers are difficult to impossible for her to use. Not this one, it works flawlessly. It is easy to hold in her hand, and the blade is sharp enough to do a great job on potatos and carrots
I purchased 2 of these Perforated Pizza pans and they are perfect for baking pizza, also, I found them great for baking breads and other items as well.
I would reccomend this product to anyone that bakes
They are easy to clean up and can store very easy.
The merchandise purchased was to be a wedding shower gift.  When I received it I found minor damage and contacted the shipper who requested it's return.  The replacement merchandise was in perfect condition and I happily gift wrapped it and forwarded it to the future bride.  I have not had an acknowledgement to date and hope that it arrived in good condition.  I am totally satisfied with service I received
I bought one of these in August of this year.  I used it daily to make a ham/egg/cheese/english muffin sandwich every morning with great results.  However, after about a month, the non-stick coating started to bubble then peel off from the egg poaching pan.  I called Back To Basics and had a new pan free of charge within a few days.  The new pan has been in use for two months without issue.  The people at Back To Basics were very kind and shipped my new pan without hassle.
Some people reviewing this product have complained about the stainless steel water boiler becoming dirty from minerals and scalded meat juice.  Others have complained about the egg being soaked in water from steaming and/or sticking in the pan.  I have overcome these problems by doing the following:
I bought a gallon of distilled water that I use in the water compartment (at an ounce or two per use, a gallon will last a long time).  This prevents any mineral buildup and keeps the cooking cycle time to a minimum (keeping the stainless steel clean keeps heat transfer to a maximum, therefore speeding cooking time).  Every three or four uses, I wipe the water compartment with a damp paper towel to remove any accumulated debris that may have dripped down.  After cooking everything, I remove the egg poaching tray and while holding the egg in the tray with a plastic fork, tip it on its side over the sink to drain off any accumulated water, then remove the egg with the plastic fork.  I use store-brand spray oil and have never had an egg 'stick' in the pan.  I have found that if I want toast/an english muffin/a bagel to be pretty crispy, I have to run it for two toaster cycles.  
All in all this is a great product.  Butter consumption in my house has decreased dramatically, and I'm not making a huge buttery mess on the stove every morning.  Plus there no dirty spatula and frying pan to deal with every day. 
I owned an earlier similar model that was disappointing and never whistled once. But this kettle worked very well and the whistle worked perfectly, at first. But after only about 6 weeks of use, the flip-up spout broke off - actually just broke in half. I replaced it with a Chantal teakettle and so far so good
Wow- This speaker is fantastic!!! It took a little time to get it setup but once we figured it out, it worked like one of our top quality indoor speakers!!! When I read the reviews I was hopeful but not sure. Now we love it and would recommend it to anyone!  We can use it in the font yard, down by the swings and even in the basement(Which we did for our son's pirate brithdday bash). 
Please don't pass this up!  If you are in the market for an outdoor speaker, this is great!  It may take a little time to set up but worth it.  Enjoy!!
Twixit clips are a wonderful product.  They are extremely practical and very useful for all types of packages.  I hope you continue to carry them.  Everyone I have given them to raves about them and wonders how they got along without them.  I HIGHLY recommend Twixits
I ordered this item because I know Wusthof has a reputation for quality. I find the kitchen shears sturdy and sharp; especially appreciated are the easy-separation feature of the blades for washing and the handy lid-gripper for opening jars and bottles
I bought this knife and block set as a Christmas gift for my wife. She loves it.  Our only disappointment was that the block was a different style than that shown on Amazon or, for that matter, on the box it arrived in.  The picture showed a block with six slots for steak knives.  The block we got is the one now shown in the Amazon add.  Apparently Henckel made a change in their set about the same time I ordered it.  We can live with the substitution though as the knive set is now selling for $50 more than what I paid for it in December 03.  I would have bought the set regardless of the block design but the steak knive slots was a nice feature that appealed to me. The knives are well crafted, have a great feel, extremely sharp and we love them.  There were two extra slots in the block that accomodated another Henckel knife we already owned and one other. We also love the selection of knives, especially the paring knife and small serrated knife. Some other reviewers have mentioned scratches or uneven sharpening but we've not noticed either of these conditions
I absolutely adore these Kyocera knives, they are the sharpest things I have ever seen.  
I ordered this through Witbecks, and the first one got lost in the mail -- that can always happen.  When I contacted Matt Witbeck he responded immediately (that night, from home) and the next day sent me a replacement.  I have never had such prompt and unquestioning customer service, and so I want to recommend Witbecks to anyone
This rascal works GREAT!  I put a half frozen bagel in it and it cut through no problem!
I would HIGHLY recommend it over a holder and knife
Used for a month now, better than the others tried over 25+ yrs. For the remanufactured price, would buy it again if it lasts for a yr
This fan is incredibly powerful. It can definitely move air around a room. My one call out is that there is almost no difference between low and medium. I don't know if it's just mine that is that way or not and it isn't a big deal since I bought it to ease the air conditioner bill and I'll tell ya, when you want to cool a room this fan does it with out remorse
I just got into wine a little while ago, and wanted some nice glasses to sip from at home, rather than just using a plastic or glass tumbler.  But seeing as how I'm anywhere near wine snob status, I didn't want to spend a bunch on a set.  
Enter the Riedel O glasses.  They were on sale, great price for two glasses.  They arrived and I'm happy with them.  They're sophisticated enough to be wine glasses, but without the stems, they're not snobby either.  I would have given this 5 stars, but one of the glasses I received has a minor imperfection along the rim, almost a little bubble of glass, or crystal.  Other than that, they're great
Pros:
Towels are good in quality. Absorb water very well. Decent in length. Soft.
Cons:
Have lint coming off when trying to wipe wet skin. 
Still need to put it through a wash to see if it leeches colour
The picture in the Ad doesn't do these Pots and Pans justice. They are very very shining and heat evenly and fast
These cups are high quality stainless steel.  Don't worry about putting thorugh the dishwasher or leaving in a sink.  I was surprised by their weight and long handles.  My old measuring cups were of much thinner steel and over time this lead to dents and deformation of the cups.  These MIU cups are extremely sturdy.  The handles on my old cups were more typical too, while these MIU cups all have very long handles(~4.5").  At first I didn't like the asthestics of the handles, nor the fact that the smaller ones don't stand up on their own due to the imbalance this creates.  However, when I needed to scoop something out of a small-mouthed container, I quickly reversed my opinion of these handles.
Cricisms: The interior has perpendicular corners.  I prefer a slightly rounded interior corner for ease of cleaning and emptying.  Still, it doesn't make much of a difference.  Also, while they're not hard to store, they don't stack all that well, so they'll probably take up more room in your drawer unless you have tall drawers(~5.5").  I suppose because they were designed for cooking utility over storage ease.
(...) for the 5 cups, I'm extremely satisfied.  I feel these are top of the line.  The 7 cup set is overpriced (...), so definitely go with these.  I don't understand why you would throw them away becuase you wanted the 2/3 and 3/4 cups?  Just use the 1/3 cup twice or the 1/4 three times...or eyeball the 1 cup.
(...
Most importantly, this is SMALL.   This is the same size as one-person clay pot rice or bibimbap.  It is the size of a deep rich fancy curry takeout.  One cup of steel cut oatmeals will fill up the pot upon expansion.  
I have no regrets ordering this size because this is much easier to tote around.
Now that I have received my shipment, I know a yellow one with a brass knob would have been gorgeous but I have grown to prefer the red.  It's so pretty. 
It didn't arrive chipped or anything so there's not much to say about how it works.  Just keep the heat between medium to low.  I broke it in by making hot milk (from powder) with banana so yeah, as a pot, it heats stuff up.  No leaks. 
p.s. one good thing about breaking in the cocotte with white liquid instead of clear water is that I saw two floating black segments that may have been pieces of the coating - yes I did wash the cocotte in sudsy water before breaking it in.  I still don't know where those chips off of the 5 quart are now but I hope they are at least not or no longer in our bodies. 
I think this Try Me size is a worthwhile purchase because it is light enough to lift up and tilt with one hand to pour into a serving bowl
I bought this chocolate fountain for a 3rd grade class Valentine's Day Party.  It was the talk of the whole school.  The kids loved it.  I used Sephra chocolate (a coupon was included), so I didn't have to mess with adding any oil.  The chocolate fountain worked great and left quite an impression.  The cascading, flowing, chocolate wasn't quite as perfect as the pictures on the box, but it probably would have if I would have added a teenie bit of oil, but the pure Sephra chocolate tasted devine.  I also saved $25.00 by buying the CHP (champaigne color) version
This towels are probably what most would expect. They look nice and have become my preferred kitchen towel - I cook alot. I would look elsewhere if they were used primarily for drying dishes as they aren't extremely absorbant
When I was looking to purchase a new machine, I only was looking for a Bunn. Bunn makes the best coffee machines, none can compare. Every diner, coffee house, and Dunkin' Donuts only use Bunn machines. The A10 is one great machine! Brews perfect cups of coffee hot and quickly. Everyone in my office is very happy with the unit. If you're a serious coffee drinker, please don't cheap out on a Mr.Coffee, Braun or Krupps-- frankly they cannot brew coffee at the speed, temperature, or taste of a Bunn unit. I bought the A10 to replace a Bunn unit that I used for 10 years without a glitch
I really like this bookcase.  It is attractive, and easy to set up.    
Simply fold the shelves into place.  Although it is easy to set up, it is pretty sturdy.  There are spaces in the back that items could fall through, but there are wood slats to hold books in place.  I also like the size of the bookcase: it is not too wide but holds a lot because it is tall, and the mission sides are nice
The picture on the website really doesn't do them any justice.  They are beautiful and tough, and I'm so glad I got them
I have found this to be the best I have ever owned.  My daughter had gotten one and finally my old one conked out and I just had to have a Bunn also.  I envied my daughter's ability to make coffee in literally three minutes.  I used to only have 12-cup capacity pots but there is no need for it now.  The best is that you can always have a "fresh" cup of coffee and it is always hot. It makes a "clean" cup of coffee easily and efficiently.  We are thrilled with this product and highly recommend it anyone and everyone.  This will be our brand of coffee maker forever
This pan is a good buy and a wonderful size for 2-3 member families.  Although not as heavy as some of the french copper pans, I have many of the Commercial Calphalon pieces and love the handle.  The pan is definately heavier than cheap quality pans and the stainless interior is just what I wanted for acidic based cooking (tomato sauces, etc).  As far as scratches, well, what do you expect?  If you use it, it is going to get some scratches... the brushed exterior helps hide some of the outside marks though.  Some have complained about &quot;scratches&quot; on the other Calphalon hard anodized, but most of the time, they really aren't scratches, but rather aluminum marks from the rivets when stacking. In any case, they are easily removed with scotchbrite and some cleaner!  Enjoy!  P.S.  I chose the &quot;no shipping cost&quot; delivery and received the pan in just 4 days!
This is a big saucepan!  I got it for Christmas because I needed a large saucepan shape with a long handle to make pralines.  This has become my favorite pot for many things; from cooking pasta to whipping up a large pot of chili on a cold night.  The see-through lid is great for monitoring food as it's cooking, and the second loop handle gives stability when carrying and pouring.  It is traditional Calphalon quality with a modern look, and I love it
I got this trash can to put on the counter next to my coffee maker for discarded Sweet & Low packages. I love how it fits in with my black and stainless appliances. The item itself works pretty good for the most part. The only issue I have found with it is the lid fits loosely on the base and slides off when putting something in it. to remedy the issue, I am planning to drill a tiny hole in the sides and out a tiny hand screw on each side of the lid to hold it firmly in place.
I'm not sure if a review is the appropriate forum to mention that actually finding this item or one like it on the web was very difficult to locate. Perhaps additional keywords can be added to the item to make it easier to find. I used search terms like "mini trash can," counter top trash can," "small waste basket," small stainless steel trash can," but none of these got me to this item. I'm not sure how my husband finally found it.
Extremely delighted with this product. Not only does it perform flawlessly, it's beautiful to look at. Combine that with the best price anywhere, thanks to Amazon and Target, and you have perfection! Thanks.
I bought this knife for my daughter for her birthday.  I'm sure she's going to enjoy using it.  I had the occasion to use it at her house after she unwrapped it and found it to be amazing.  It was so well balanced and weighted that when slicing a potato very little pressure had to be applied. Now I just have to get one for myself.  Well, my birthday is coming up in February
Bought this vacuum because Consumer Reports picked it as one of the 2006 best buys.  Better than Dyson or Rainbow.  This is our second Eureka, but this one is significantly better than the last.  The last was a bagless model, and this one uses bags, and as a result it's much easier to clean.  Bags are quite inexpensive, so it only adds about $10-15 per year (6-9 bags).  Suction is fantastic.  Noise is low.  IT's easy to use.  And I will add that we purchased a "refurbished" model, but we can identify no defects or differences.  Looks perfectly new and runs great.  So the choice is yours:  Dyson for $400+ or this one which is better for $99 ??
you would never know it was reconditioned, it is probably even better than new, plus being dishwasher friendly makes even easier to use..
I would have given it 5 stars but my gerbils chewed the house up within a week or two and now after a couple of months they no longer have ramps.  Currently, they're working on chewing up the shelves.   
So I'm off to buy one that's entirely wire.  Wish I had done that in the first place
This whale is so much fun I got it for when my sisters kids came down. They had a hard time staying on it though but it was fun for me. It was such a hit I have two now they got one for me before they left saying now you gots two so next time we come you can ride too. Overall great, strong, and fun:
Shamu is ready for you to ride him! Be gentle though... he hates rough tubers and riders, he can't withstand heavy duty people on him! If a heavy rider tries to "Inner Tube Giddy-Up" him, he'll be over forced in his body chamber and will POP! BE CAREFUL! Liste
Great all around microwave for singles. The only thing it does not do well is microwave popcorn
These are the best sheets out there for the money.
Vibrant reversible color lilac/purple.
I was soooooooo very happy with this purchase.
Do not hesitate to purchase these sheets, you'll
be very happy
The sheets matched perfectly with my room, which is the main reason I purchased them. The quality is great! The sheets are very soft and the colors are amazing. I would recommend this product to anyone. The reversability is also a nice luxury. It was a wonderul purchase
I'm impressed with the quality of these towels.  I purchased them because I needed hunter green and could not find that color locally.  They are large, soft absorbent towels
The My Pod and its filters work great in my Senseo. Now i don't have to buy the expensive pods all the time. The only problem is i have to shut it off manually as it won't sense it is full and shut itself off.
Hunter fan arrived in 2 days from Amazon.com and immediately I noticed the weight of the fan...heavy, just the way I like it. Unpacked this beauty and plugged her in and off she went with a beautiful sound. I love the 3 wing blade and the speed variation is great...from barely running to blow your hat off......we love it, keep up the good work Hunter. I intend to buy one for a Christmas gift also. 
I wanted to dress up my kitchen a little, and this does the trick (makes me not dread washing the dishes.  An added plus!).  It's a nice cherry red, and I'm a bit of a "red junkie."  
I gave this five stars because it's perfect for my needs.  If you have a large family and tons of dishes it's going to be on the small side though.  The red colander's a great extra, as is the little sponge holder (it has suction cups to keep it in place, but mine doesn't seem to stay stuck.  That's a minor detail, though, and it could have more to do with my kitchen's tiling than the suction cups).  
One thing to note--if your sink's drains aren't centered you might be annoyed with the hole in the middle of the rubber sink mat.
Overall, this is a durable and nice to look at sinkware set.  What more could we want? 
This is a great product, it comes with clips for a shoulder strap, but no strap. That is the only thing left wanting
I think these little candle holders are great for any occasion. And they aren't expensive either. Therefore you can buy any color for any occasion to match any room in your house. These can be used for formal occasions or just everyday use
I really like these plates.  I bought the crocks as well and have no issues with them.  THe go together really nicely if you are serving soup and salad for dinner guests.  I love the colors and I am happy with my purchase.  The price was attractive as well
SO FAR THIS PRODUCT IS WORKING FINE, HAS PLENTY OF POWER. HEATS FOOD IN A FLASH. VERY GOOD QUALITY FOR THE PRICE I PAID FOR I
I bought one of these from a yard sale for use at my small office.   I was getting stuck cleaning up the kitchen and decided to see if this little unit was worth it.   I'd looked at the small Haier unit and was not impressed with the plastic interior.  
I broke a lot of rules setting this up.   Its not connected to the hot water supply, since I have a very old sink and the only other connection I had was to cold water lines.   Also, the machine is on the floor, under the sink.   I bought new hoses to make the connections.   Luckily, the standard connectors on the back made this easy -  the fill is a standard clothes washer fill line, and the drain can take a piece of garden hose.   I was concerned with the garden hose holding up to very hot wash drain water, but so far its been okay. (If I was installing this anyplace else or using this in my home, I might not be so nonchalant.)
My unit was used, from an area where there was very hard water, and the previous owners had never cleaned the innards of the machine.   I soaked everything in CLR to remove the scale from the sump grill, the heating element and the wash arm,  and cleaned the gunk out from under the door seal, and away we went.
Since we are in an office, we always use the Sanitary wash to keep the cooties down.  The machine does an excellent job of getting even cold tapwater super hot, and the dishes will flash dry after the cycle is over, if you pop the door open.  The machine has no problem pumping wastewater through the drain line and up 3 feet into the sink.  
One reason I avoided the plastic tub Haier is noise.  If you load this machine carefully, you can prevent items from clinking against each other too much, and the machine will operate more quietly.  We've found that we can run the machine, have the office radio on, and still comfortably make phone calls without much trouble.
My only complaints would be that on occasion, the timer has gotten stuck (once or twice in 100 washes).  Also, some plastic items have been slightly warped by the heater.  Capacity is very decent, probably because the machine is pretty large.  Measure first
Fiestaware ROCKS!  The turquoise place setting is beautiful...It is much brighter than the pictures on amazon.com...Fiestaware is functional, calssic and fun- I love to mix and match the colors and the 5 piece place settings are great for this.  I highly recommend mixing and matching Fiestaware. I mix up colors that you wouldn't normally expect to go together and they usually look great
This mattress pad is plush, soft and comfortable.  Washed it recently for the first time and the quality held very well.  Fits the mattress nicely and doesn't move around. 
I was very pleased with how quick I received my purchase. I had looked for a long time for Bunny cake pan
I purchased this fan for my teenage son who like the drone of a fan to sleep. I have since purchased another one to put at the top of my stairs to help circulate the air from the downstairs since we have no ceiling fans. My son loves how much air this baby pumps out and the steady hum has been a wonderful plus, saying he hasn't slept this good in a long time.  the 2nd fan has done wonders for the house circulation and I too have come to enjoy sleeping with it on in my bedroom.  Very sturdy steel construction, easy assembly of the legs. 3 speeds. Top speed is out of this world. Almost like a wind storm. Me and my boys actually ripped up tissue paper and had a ball putting it in front of the fan and watching them swirl all over the house. What a riot!  I highly recommend this fan for excellent air circulation, sleep aid and some silly fun
I have used Patton air circulators for the last twenty years,
and if you are looking for something much more effecient than
the common box fan that you see in department stores, this is
really a fan. The first one I bought had the C.F.M. rating on
it, which was 9600----They don't put that on the fan anymore,
but it is a three speed fan that will really circulate some
air, and can be adjusted to blow straight up. Nothing I have
seen even comes close for the money---
Apparently 3rd in the hierarchy of 4 models in the new S5 series of Miele vacuum cleaners, the features, price, and accessories are not exactly linear in transition from lower to higher models, nor even across series.  Many of the older series models have more features and a higher price than the newer ones.  They have fancy names like Capricorn, Red Velvet, and Champagne, leading to much confusion and forcing you to compare each one similar to buying a car.  If your browser has tabbed browsing (e.g., Firefox), the best way to figure out which model is best for you is to go to Miele's website and open a tab for each model you're interested in.  Flip back and forth to see what text changes.  Callisto is the cheapest no frills model of the newest series (newest technology motor?) that still comes with an electronically powered brush (the 4th Pisces model is turbo).
After 3 months of extensive use:
Pros:
Agility - The 10 �" wide SEB217-3 electric powerbrush comes standard, and one of the reasons I chose this model.  For me, smaller is better.  While other vacuums advertise large 13" power brushes to cover more area in a single swipe, I don't have much open carpet space.  Coffee tables, chairs, weight benches, and computers, all need vacuuming around and under.  The powerbrush swivels well to get around corners.
Brush duster - The most commonly used attachment (for me), the brush duster is also small (slightly larger in diameter than the hose) and the bristles are durable.  It's angled by default, but even this plastic piece swivels to straighten out.  This is not mentioned anywhere; you just have to figure this out for yourself.  On low power, I was able to vacuum places that never got vacuumed before, like over the spider web of computer cables and telephone wires.  I even vacuumed the telephone itself and other dust collecting objects on my desk.
Parquet floor brush - Initially, I wondered why Miele would include this accessory when the powerbrush was included, but this "wider brush duster" actually does a better job on hard tiled floors than the powerbrush.  The powerbrush seems more designed to churn up stuff from carpets, but the paraquet brush gathers and collects dust stuck to hard surfaces better.  On the negative side, you might have to vacuum the brush itself to unstuck the dust, and I wondered why they had to inconvenience the horse for "genuine horse bristles".  There is no permanent storage on the vacuum cleaner for the parquet brush, so you have to figure out how to ensure the parts don't get separated for life (the powerbrush takes precedence).
Cord rewind - The mechanical rewind sucked in the entire length of cord every single time, something like 15 for 15 times!  (The manual says to pull out the entire length of cord before use to help dissipate heat.)
Cons:
Price - After all, it's just a vacuum cleaner.  There also seems to be price fixing in the newer S5 series, at least when I bought this.  Everywhere I checked (maybe 10 websites), the price was exactly $799 or $799.95, with the only difference being no tax and/or free shipping.  One website even advertised "The lowest price allowed!"  What's a Diamond Dealer?  Is this Amway?
Release buttons - The release buttons on the attachments and hose are counterintuitive, being on the part that "comes off" rather than on the part that "stays behind".  Therefore, you must squeeze the button with the same hand you are pulling away with.  The hose extension button is particularly confusing.  It's an oval shaped rocker button that "rocks" very little.  To extend the stainless steel hose, you have to remember which side of the button (top or bottom) to press.  There is no distinction on which side to press, and it's always a matter of trial and error as I yank and tug at the hose while pressing top and bottom of the extension button.
Stiff no swivel hose - The hose rotates at the top (handle area), but does not swivel at the base where it connects to the machine.  Instead of disconnecting and reconnecting to get rid of twists, I'd rather pick up the powerhead and spin it around to get out the twists.  The flex hose diameter is larger than I'm used to, making the hose stiffer and difficult to store in the same closet where I used to store my old vacuum cleaner.  Considering the price, an electrical slip ring would have been nice.
Bag full indicator - The mechanical bag full indicator is actually an indicator of how much the vacuum cleaner is straining to suck.  Put your hand over the end to block suction and it will indicate bag full.  Right out of the box on short carpet, it indicated bag full on high power.  As I turned the power down, it indicated less full sequentially.  You have to read the instructions about using the floor tool with the tool slightly off the floor to get an accurate reading from the indicator.  Even at that, there are caveats about fine dust or pet hair that can fool the indicator.
Extra stuff? - The parquet brush comes attached with a short plastic extension that was difficult to plug directly into the stainless steel hose (button doesn't easily click into place).  The extension isn't needed to connect the parquet brush, so you have to remove it and keep track of where you put it.  To this day, I still haven't figured out what the extension is for, other than to connect other attachments that I might buy in the future.  This is yet another piece with no place to store on the vacuum cleaner that I must ensure does not get separated for life (along with the parquet brush, "normal" filter cage, and replacement bags).
Symbol marking - The power symbol markings are not obvious at all, contrary to claims.  Other than the symbols labels "Min" and "Max", you have to read the instructions to figure out what the other power symbols mean.  At least the power seems to increase sequentially as you turn the dial clockwise.  The Quite Mode is #4 of 6 settings (with 6 being the highest), and is therefore not actually the quietest but intended to be the "normal" operating mode.  I think most people will consider "Max" the default mode.
Optional filter frame - This model comes with a HEPA filter, so you don't need the filter frame unless you're going to switch to the "normal" filters, but brand-new right out of the box the frame for the normal filters came with a broken cheap plastic handle, apparently due to the way it was shipped with the handle protruding out the cardboard wrapping.  You don't even need the handle for the frame to function properly, but for the kind of money I paid, nothing should be broken out of the box.  The vendor that I bought it from (Best Vacuum) replaced it for free.
So is it worth $800?  It does a good job, but only time will tell..
They aren't kidding--this thing is razor-sharp.  It needed no tuning up before I used it for the first time.  The handle is balanced so that one feels almost no weight... which is unfortunate, because I like the weight for chopping.  But the hollow-edge design is wonderful--the mushrooms and onions I sliced up were thin as paper, and didn't stick to the blade.  I'd recommend it
the cheaper ones don't quite fit... unfortunate because these are so expensive...  which is why I gave it 3 stars instead of 5 stars...  I would give five for the product, but the price really is outrageous...  They know choice is limited so they gouge their own customers (Hamilton Beach, not Amazon)...  too bad the makers of these machines don't have the users in mind, instead of their bank accounts...  They take advantage of people who NEED these humidifiers
This mattress pad fits my Cali King mattress perfectly and the quality is exceptional.  I highly recommend it
This came to me just in time to solve several cooking applications that have been bothering me since the Holidays.  As a lasagna pan it is the perfect depth to make a stellar presentation.  As a roasting pan it works well and holds a small turkey or two 3 lb. chickens.  It's also good for a large casserole for a pot luck.  The pan looks good from oven to table.  Yes - it is heavy to work with because of the cast iron, but I'm really glad to add this to my pantry.    
My husband was skeptical, why do you need a new $200 pot he said.  Well I bought the dutch oven, with two days of receiving it I made the best beef stew he has ever had.  He said the meat was much more tender than when I make the stew in a crock pot.  Never again will he question me when I say I need a kitchen tool
I destroy cooking pots.  I'm especially lethal to the light-weight teflon lined variety you'll find at the supermarket.  My secret is simple:  I like to cook on high heat and I get easily distracted.  That guarantees that I'll forget what's on the stove and produce a scorched (and warped) utensil.  If a lightweight teflon pot lasts me two years, it's extraordinarily lucky.  
I now own four (different) Swiss Diamond pots.  And even my brutal habits leave them unimpressed.  Despite regular disasters, they seem to shrug off what would vanquish a lesser pot.  (Admittedly, I do avoid metal spoons and spatulas and clean them with non-abrasive means.)  They have excellent non-stick characteristics, superb heat-spreading, and -- love it -- are approved for very hot oven use.  Adding up to ESSENTIAL cooking tools!  
And when you factor the price of regularly replacing "cheaper" pots, their cost becomes more than bearable.  
HIGHLY recommended
I have two of these in my home and they really help to cut down on smells and dander from our two cats.  And the filters are inexpensive enough to be able to change regularly
We are really good about packing up our meat, vegis and fruit right after purchase. Our vacuum sealer has saved us tons of money just from not tossing out stuff that goes bad quickly. The sealer came with rolls to make our own bags, but I found it too cumbersome; these bags eliminate the difficulty. 
Do your banana's turn brown and mushy before you have a chance to eat them?  This used to be a huge problem in my house.  But now that I have the Lipper Beechwood Collection Banana Hanger this is no longer an issue.
I hang my bananas up the moment I get home from the grocery store.  They think they are still on the tree out in the wild!  Silly bananas...
Green bananas turn yellow quicker when they are hanging and yellow ones stay yellow longer.  Once, I got a bunch of those little mini bananas and those even fit on the hanger!
The Lipper Beechwood Collection Banana Hanger is compact and doesn't take up much counter space which is a definite plus.  And it's almost like art in my kitchen putting those bananas on display
This tea kettle is simply devine to use - no cords in the way - no waiting for water to boil - just let it sit on your kitchen counter and it's all automatic.  Looks beautiful, as well.  I've purchased many as gifts and have one at home and one on the boat.  Thanks Cuisinart for this product
I'm puzzled by the several reviews that say the filter gets moldy too fast. I am replacing my first filter after about a year because it has built up deposits of lime. I never noticed any mold
I loved my hamilton beach unit and when I got use to the small about of noise that did not bother me.  Dusting was way down and now that my unit has stopped working I notice a big big difference in the dust and my allergies.  I have no idea why it stopped working after only having it for 3 years but it did. Anyone else have this problem
i recieved this rack for christmas and i love it it looks great and my 4 year old daughter likes to use it too the only thing i don't like is that it only holds 50 dvds and 2 racks look nice but any more than that is gonna look dumb i also like that the drawers pull out and sit on top for easy viewing
I had a Pampered Chef sprayer that I loved, but it got clogged and stopped working after 2 or 3 years. I should have tried harder to find a Pampered Chef rep to buy another one, the Pampered Chef one works better than this one.
However, this is not a horrible product. One drawback compared to the Pampered Chef one is that you can't see through this one to see how high the oil level is. You want to fill it just a bit higher than halfway, and when it is less than 1/3 full you need to fill it back up or it won't work as well. This unit is even more finicky than the Pampered Chef one about the level, it almost won't spray if the level is too low. But since you can't see through it, even holding it up to the light, you have to look down in and estimate how high it is. The reflective coating inside makes it very hard to see how high it really is. You don't want to fill it all the way up, either.
Then, you need to pump it more than the Pampered Chef one needed to be pumped. This one sprays a very fine spray, finer than the Pampered Chef one. And it sprays quite nicely if you have the correct level of oil in there. 
I think I know why my old one got clogged. So I'm trying something new: each time I'm done, before I put it away, I twist the screw on cap around the nozzle and release the pressure. I think if you leave it pressured up all the time, like I did with my old one, it damages the nozzle over time. But time will tell if I'm right.
Another tip -- don't fill it with anything but olive oil. Other oils evaporate and leave a sticky/greasy feeling on the outside of the sprayer. You know what I mean if you use vegetable oil for stovetop cooking a lot, you get that greasy feeling on things that you leave near the stove or that hang over it. Olive oil doesn't do that, that's why I now don't use anything else on my stovetop (except sometimes peanut oil for stir frying). This type of sprayer will work much better if you just use Olive Oil in it, trust me.
But if you have a choice, go find a Pampered Chef rep and by their sprayer. It's cheaper and better quality
I spray my foods with olive oil using this wonderful sprayer. It's great to use if you want to avoid the unhealthy chemicals you get in the spray cans off the shelf.  Just poor in your favourite olive oil
Works great! Easy to pump-it would be nice if there were a clear window to let you know when you need to refill
Nice machine for doing quick clean-ups, stairs and car. A bit heavy but great suction. Not thrilled with the method in which the hose for accessories is hooked up but a small price to pay for a good job. Worth the minor frustration
Very nice peeler except it's missing a feature that every other peeler I've ever seen has; a protuberance that can be used to remove the eyes from potatoes
This was the second highest rated bundt pan in Cook's Illustrated.  I used an oil/flour baking spray and my bundt cake popped out with ease.  It's lightweight but perfect for me since I only use it a few times a year
Cooking is actually a pleasure when you have tools that are as colourful and cheerful as this little pot. It is just beautiful to look at, and a joy to use. (I never thought I could get so excited about a simple pot!) This little green pepper cooks evenly, in the oven or the stovetop, and clean up is a breeze. I've use this to make casseroles for 2-4, sides for 4-6, even soups and sauces. Jambalaya is one dish particularly well-suited for this pot -- straight from simmering on the stove to the table, it's gorgeous. I'm planning to get the tomato or pumpkin next
This cute little casserole is great for making soups or casseroles for 2-4 people. I use it for my morning oatmeal, soup for lunch and casseroles for dinner. Retains heat so foods stay warm.Clean up is a breeze! I have the green pepper but want the red and yellow one too
Our queen mattress is not a pillow top so the fitted sheet is deeper than necessary but it tucks under fine.  Having the elastic around the entire fitted sheet helps with this.  The lace edge needs to be ironed after they come out of the dryer but that only takes a minute.  These sheets have held up well so far and feel great.  If you get the ruby color, make sure you wash them in cold to keep their bright color and prevent color runs.
Sheets are great just the lace on top can be bothersome when sleepin
What people don't think about is how hot chocolate works just as well as coffee in a coffee mug.  I'm not a coffee drinker but if this mug brings you great coffee joy you should also pour hot chocolate in it.  I have to take a point off because after you pour coffee in this mug enough times a permanent smell is left there, which means using this cup for anything other than coffee or hot chocolate is gross.  Especially water.  Who wants to take a sip of water only to smell coffee every time you put the mug to your face?  Not me.  Not that the smell of coffee is horrible or anything.  It smells good and I can't imagine not smelling it every morning when other people in my home are making some.
A great mug you should buy. 
It is big and heavy, but a real workhorse.  Mixes things we would only do by hand before
This bowl is shallow enough to serve from and deep enough to really load it up.  I use mine constantly, and didn't think I would when I bought it.  We reach for this ahead of all the other bowls and platters I own.  I love my Fiestaware, you can't go wrong with these durable and colorful dishes
When I got this I was a little worried it would be too cheapy b/c the materials are light-weight.  But, I set to putting it together and the directions were VERY easy and all the pieces were there and when I got done I was estatic.  It was just so easy and looked so good! I have a very small laundry closet and it fits perfectly next to my dryer and stands about 3 inches below the top of the dryer and is the exact depth of my dryer. Unlike other reviewers, I find it rolls very well and is not flimsy or wobbly at all.  Maybe they overtightened it and stripped the bolts
I am a boy. 
When I bouhgt this stuff it was the first time live without my family.
I do not know the cookwre set.
But my female friends always say "where did get it?"
or "it look really expensive"
They alway said it's good and reasonable price.
I was a little skeptical because of the affordable price but I gave this set a try and love it. The pieces are heavy enough to maintain a consistant heat and are very durable. Clean up is a breeze.  I am very happy with this set and will be purchasing other pieces.
I recomend this item highly. Can be washed without fear of water inside and can be inside the oven while cooking. works like a charm.
Mik
this maker pours well and has a soft handle.  we actually found one at a department store so we were able to see it in person before ordering it online.  nice little coffee make
I consider this coffee pot to be near perfect.  It has no "auto turn on" feature, but i never use that anyway.  The only thing that takes getting used to is the way the filter holder thing opens, but it soon becomes habit.  
My favorite feature has to be the water filter. It really improves the coffee flavor. It's also compact. I gained a little more counter space
I like these knives.  Very sharp and a value for the money.  Long term who knows... I've had mine a little over a year and completely satisfied
I personally haven't heard a peep about SilverStone in ages, and frankly, when I bought this item, I didn't even realize it was made by them. I needed new muffin pans, so I just looked for the best deal, price-wise. I saw this set, and figured it was as good as any.
When I received them, I was ecstatic. When you think of something relatively trivial like this, you don't really expect much in the way of quality, but man, was I wrong! These things are weighty, very well constructed, and have durable written all over them. I consider it a huge upgrade from my old, flimsy no-name tins, and I highly recommend them for anyone who, like me, bakes a lot and really just doesn't want to worry about replacing these kinds of things too often
I threw out all of my old tupperware cups that my kids were using and switched to a supply of Fiestaware ceramic cups.  Now that my kids are all over 5, we don't need all that ugly plastic.  These are durable and attractive.  A range of colors lets them keep track of which cup is theirs.  Plus, it matches my other dinnerware.  It's the perfect size for them.   When they get older and need a bigger glass, these are perfect for juice
i recently purchased the sakura embossed palm 16 pc. dinnerware set for my mom for christmas. she absolutely loves them. they are so unique and when she has company over for dinner gets many compliments on them. nobody has ever seen dinnerware like these before. she is a big fan of palm trees and these fit her collection nicely
Bought this product with a gift certificate from my children.  I am very satisfied with the bowls.  I give this product a high recommendation
As a Le Creuset cast iron fan, it was only natural that one day I would try out their stoneware products.  While maintaining the same color options and increasing their product offerings, I still prefer the cast iron products over the stoneware.  Even so, there are times when the stoneware fits a need the cast iron cannot effectively fulfill.
The stoneware is not intended for use on the stovetop.  Besides this, the stoneware can go from the oven/microwave, to the table, and then to the refrigerator.  Virtually non-porous, Le Creuset's Stoneware is fired at 2156 degrees making it resistant to chipping, cracking, and staining. The enameling results in an easy to clean and scratch resistant surface, and will not absorb odors or flavors, and resists moisture absorption.  This line is sure to perform for many years.
The stoneware line has many of the same qualities the cast iron line is known for.  This pie dish can be used for ice-cream pies, crisps, cobblers, pies, Shepard's pie, tamale pie, or any other number of dishes.
PROS:
Fits a need Le Creuset's cast iron line sometimes cannot
Same high quality standards found in Le Creuset's cast iron line, but lighter weight
Made to last for many years
CONS:
Not intended for use on the stoveto
I got this for my mother and I wasn't too sure about the color I had originally wanted a darker color- but this arrived and was SUCH an excellent product ... My mother loves and when I seen it on her bed it made me want one - this is one of the BEST deals I have gotten on amazon .. Love it
This was such a great deal and I love this duvet cover.  It is so soft and looks so stylish on our bed.  I just wish is had a matching bed ruffle. My husband even likes it and that takes a lot.  The color is rich and goes with so much
item shipped lightening fast!  In perfect condition!  just as describe
I was surprised at the quality of these knives for the price.  I was not prepared to spend a rediculous amount of money on a knife set with a blade for every plausible occasion.  This set has the perfect number of knives and each one feels natural in the hand.
Although this set comes with a sharpener, I recommend getting the W�sthof 2904 Knife-Life knife and scissor sharpener.  You will not need to sharpen these knives much, but that sharpener will make your life much easier and will renew every single pair of scissors in your house.
I also recommend, as others have, to never place these knives in the dishwasher.  Also be sure to washt hem by hand and thoroughly dry them immediately after use.  This will drastically increase their longevity.
If you purchase these, and I propose you do so, then get a travel roll bag for knives.  This is because you will want to take them to friends' and family's homes to "show them off"
I wish that I had purchased the sheet set earlier so that I could have enjoyed them all winter,  they are so comfortable, even with flannel pj's I didn't have any problem turning over.  I completely recommend this sheet.  
I overheard a flight attendant raving about the Neckbones and also saw it reviewed highly in Shape magazine.  I still have not tried it in the car or on a flight, but am excited to.  It does feel comfortable, though is bigger than expected, so pay attention to the dimensions before you buy
This mug absolutely comes through as promised.  Hot beverages stay hot even hours later.  It's totally leak proof and easy to disassemble for cleaning.  I am very pleased with this purchase!  The only thing that I am not completely satisfied with is it's size.  I would have preferred something a little wider, but the ability to fit in any drink holder is what the manufacturer was going for.....unfortunately it tends to move around in mine, but it doesn't spill any thing
This cookware is nice and heavy and sturdy. It heats much faster than the cheaper cookware we had before. It also heats very evenly. The only negative thing I have to say is that the food sticks to these pans quite a bit more than it would in teflon. However I think that one negative is greatly outweighed by the positive and a little oil or Pam fixes the problem
My pug loves this toy better than all the rest of this kind.  He jumps to pull the beas out of the hive.  He squeaks the beas.  Perhaps it is the contrast of the black band and the shape of the bea head.  He went crazy for this toy and got exercise with it.  It is better to play with you dog and hold the hive and have them pull the beas out by their heads.  He likes the wing detail for chewing on.  This toy gives exercise.  I am so glad I tried it.  He plays with the hegehog on his own.  Those are the 2 best toys.  The squirels from the hide a squirel are fun, but the game holder is not something he was really excited about.  These interactive toys are great.  I have never seen such excitement and tail wagging.  He hardly ever wags his tail and he did with this toy and the jumping is great exercise.  This one is the best.  It is well worth $10 for a dog who loves to play.  I get him to stop destroying the house as much with these toys
I bought this canister vacuum about 2 months ago and I absolutely love it.
It is quiet and I told my husband I swear it picks up the dirt off the basement floor from our living room.  I love the automatic rewind cord.  The cord is very long and I don't have to look for a plug in each room I vacuum.  I have all hardwood floors and two cats and it really keeps the hair volume "in the bag".  The wands are sturdy metal. I have gone through about 3 vacuums in the past two years due to plastic parts breaking.  Thank you Electrolux for the quality build of this vacuum.  The only thing that irritates me is I can not keep the attachments attached to the bend in the wand.  I finally gave up and put them in a drawer since I seldom have to use them.  Spring and fall cleaning will be the only time more than likely.  I also wish the vacuum wands would stand by themselves when I have to leave the vacuum for one reason or another.  But it is still a 5 star even considering those two little things
Finally a quiet vacuum with some serious suction!  I have a 200 year old farm house that really needs this vacuum and has been smiling since it arrived.  The suction power on this vac is high enough to clean cracks that have never before been cleaned.  The hepa filter means you really can't smell that you've been vacuuming and the bags are a breeze to change.  Also, who can complain about having a hip appearing vacuum cleaner?  Hey, if you have to own one, wouldn't you prefer to have one that's easy on the eye? 
The first time I used this waffle maker I was very disappointed and regretted the purchase. However, I gave it another chance. The second time I used the recipe that came with the instructions and the waffles turned out great. My husband said they were even better than the ones I used to make. To avoid the waffle breaking when lifting them out, I lift part of the waffle slightly with a knife and slide a round wire rack under it
This stone is very functional -- works well and goes from oven to table because of its beauty.  If you've never cooked on stone before, prepare to be amazed.  It's a must for bread baking to develop a nice bottom crust.  I also use the stone for baking French fries and other stuff.  Just put the pan directly on the stone and your food will be done faster.  
With use your stone will discolor.  This happens with any stone.  You also should not wash any stone with soap.  Use hot water and a plastic scraper to clean.  This is the only All Clad product I have that I can't get the stainless to sparkle like new.  I think it's because I left it in the oven so much.  
The pizza cutter that comes with this is the best I've ever used.
Because of its size, this product is great as a bake-and-serve/occasional baking stone.  If you bake a ton, I suggest getting a larger stone and just leaving it the oven all the time
I see all the reviews agree - IT IS LOUD - but I love it.
I was able to sleep with it on HI speed - but can see how it would disturb some people.  It is very powerful - great for the bedroom - I often wake up hot or cold in the middle of the night - the four speeds & remote control are very convenient.
I only gave this product 4 stars because my daughter hasn't slept in it yet. But I set it up and it was super easy, almost one touch, set up. It is firm yet comfortable and the super soft fleece cover is awesome. It has moons and stars on it. The take down was 5 minutes if that. It's small enough to fit almost anywhere, and deep enough so that a toddler (my daughter is 2) will not roll off). Love it and I know I will be using it often.
I bought a pack of 3 for my purifier. This filter does a good job and keeps the watrer tasting good
This is the nicest pie dish I've ever seen. I dont even make pies but I got it to use for serving or to make casseroles or even to use for baking miscellaneous things. It's diameter is bigger than average and deeper too. The color is deep and rich. I got the cobalt. I will find a place to display this dish it's so pretty. Got one for my friend too.  She loves it as much as I do.  At 20.00 and free shipping you gotta try this ! Maybe I'll even try a PIE 
Not only do these burgundian clay pie pans look wonderful, they also bake the most perfect pies I have ever put together. The crusts come out even and just that great combo of crisp yet tender and flaky. I use Martha's pate brisee recipe, but with these pans it is foolproof! I have the big one for meat pies and 2 of the regular size for sweet pies and quiches. Wonderful
This fan is an excellent value for its price.  It gives 3 options for style of air flow nd 3 speeds.  Additionally, it is easy to move the head up and down so that you can either just circulate the air or actually have the air blow at body level.  I bought this fan because my old one had "died" in the middle of a hot summer.  This one filled the bill and is effective in a small to medium sized room.
The only reason that I did not give this fan a rating of 5 is because it has begun to hesitate when it swings to the right.  This has happened to other similar fans I have had, but not so soon after purchase.  If you're mechanical, you can probably correct the problem by yourself.
I do recommend this fan for anyone and any place.  Oh, did I say the remote is perfect???  Because I am handicapped, it saves me from getting up and down too often
This Swissmar fondue set is excellent. I love how stylish it is. I looked on Amazon and other sites looking for a flexible fondue set that could do:
- cheeses
- broths for meat
- chocolate
Flexibility is what I was looking for. The 3 in 1 is perfect for doing cheese to start with, when done with that course, remove the ceramic bowl, pour the water out of the copper pot, and put in your broth. Although I haven't used it for chocolate yet, I'm sure it will work well for that. Using this setup for cheese is better than ones that have the burner directly heating the bottom of the bowl instead of water between the pot and bowl which more evenly distributes the heat. Others tend to burn on the bottom unless you constantly stir. Of course if you're into the tradition of Swiss fondue cooking, the "thick" part in the bottom is the tasty part for your special guest!
The burner is hot enough to keep your broth simmering unlike another I have used. Also it holds enough fuel to keep things going throughout that course. You will need to refill it between cheese and broth - of course make sure it's extinguished and cool before doing so. I used bottled gel purchased from a local cooking store.
An excellent purchase - I am very happy with it.
These hangers were exactly what I was looking for at a great price! They're the first hangers I've purchased in a long time that don't leave bumps in the sleeves of my clothing. I would recommend these hangers
Exactly what I wanted.  Item as pictured and arrived in a timely manner
We have total enjoyed the Margaritaville Maker. We have discovered many normal drinks taste great when you mix them in this blender. If you are into the creamy (i.e. Baileys...) drinks they are lighter and more enjoyable. We are very happy we purchased this
After using my Roomba for a year and loving it, I decided to splurge and buy Scooba.  Wow!  I think I love it even more than my Roomba!  I turn it loose in my large kitchen every couple days and go upstairs and forget about it.  When I return, I have a gorgeous, shiny, clean-smelling floor.  Once a week, I wrap a damp washcloth around my Swiffer mop and go around the edges or my kitchen and deep in the corners--but the rest of the floor is spotless and shiny ALL THE TIME.  Scooba is a miracle.
I did have a little bit of fussing with it right out of the box.  I had to prime the pump to get it going.  My only suggestion to iRobot is to go ahead and include the instructions on priming Scooba in the box instead of making people go to the iRobot website to troubleshoot.  Obviously, from reading the reviews, you ought to expect that the customer will have that problem.  Fortunately, that's the ONLY trouble I've ever had with it!  I've never had to prime again and it works flawlessly.  I'm very impressed with Scooba
I internet shopped for a week, reading consumer reports and customer reviews of just about every blender made. I decided on this one based on my research and I am glad I did. I make my husband fruit and juice smoothies almost every day after work and with this machine it is a fast, easy job. Ice and frozen fruit are blended into the drink very quickly.
It is a little loud but it is worth the noise to have 500 watts of power. I also like the fact the base is heavy cast metal, the pitcher is thick, solid glass with a tight fitting lid and the blade is stainless. I like the easy to use control knob and the fact it has 2, yes just 2 speeds. I find most machines with 12 to 20 little buttons are fairly useless and all those speeds rarely used, they also take up more counter space because the bases have to be bigger for all the buttons.
The fact that the Hamilton Beach comes in 6 colors is just icing on the cake and the Moroccan Red is gorgeous.
This miniature pot is decorative as well as utilitarian since it can be used on the flame for melting butter or small amounts of sauces
The plastic top has no vents thereby producing rubbery, boiled tasting popcorn. Easily solved! I drilled about a dozen 1/8 inch holes in the top (bottom?) of the plastic bowl and voila! wonderful, crispy, crunchy popcorn. 
I got this to replace my bulky turner that I got from the Dollar Store for $1.00.  For an extra $3 or so I got this lovely turner that gets under pancakes and eggs and also teases my belgium waffles out the waffle maker for me.  Also, the turner part looks plastic, but I guess it's silicone or something because it does not melt.  Also you can wash it in the dishwasher in the hottest heat.  If washing by hand, its easily washable too!  I have both the blue and green, flashy colors so it is easily spottable in my kitchen.
This is my first grill pan and it work very well. I have only cooked chicken on it so far and I have found that I like the way tenders cook better then really thick chicken breasts
I found this knife set to contain the sharpest knives out of the box of any knives that I have ever bought. They hold an edge well and have a good balance.  The integrated bolster adds to the controllability of the knives. The only problem with the set is the steel hone. I find it is too course to be used except on the dullest knife. That is the only detractor from the set
I must admit I'm really surprised at just how great this little stick vacuum is.  Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is it's still too early as I've only had it for a month or so, and things may change quickly considering the amount of use it's been given.  
We have two seaside vacation rental cottages along with our own home, and have been using this vacuum in all three places at least twice a week.  
Along with the normal amount of dirt and dust we also have the sand factor to deal with, and so far there has been no problem.  I highly recommend this little guy, and in fact may get two more to put into the cottages instead of carting this one all over the place.
One suggestion though. Wonder how long it'll be before someone comes up with a combination of corded and cordless model. That way it could be constantly recharging when using it in the electric mode. 
I had bought my first Fiestaware Cereal Bown sight unseen from Amazon.com, and I absolutely love the rich, cinnamon color of Cinnabar! 
The Cereal Bowl comes in handy and we use it for hot and cold cereal, soup, ice cream, and leftovers (smaller portions). It's microwaveable, too!
If you've never used Fiestaware before, this would be a great introduction to the line, especially if you have use for smaller soup/cereal bowls.
I, too, have an electric stove - I'm glad others mentioned that!  Cooks nicely, cleans up easily.  Absolutely love it - great price, too
Ever since my curlers arrived I have been obsessed. I love the curls I get from the larger size. Just roll your hair when you wake up, do your make, eat breakfast, and when your ready to walk out the door just take 30 seconds to pull out the curlers (very painless) and you look like one of the girls on the shampoo commercials. I love this product!!!
My son, who lives in Washington, uses these fans exclusively for air conditioning his house in the summer. We live in California, but bought this fan to help vent our computer room, which gets way too hot in the summer despite air conditioning. Because it either brings air in or vents air out and is thermostatically controlled, it works GREAT. We plan on buying 3 more next summer to keep our air conditioning bill down.
About a year ago I was looking for an espresso/cappuccino machine that would be both great in quality and easy to use. I also wanted it to look contemporary, to fit the style of other things in the house. On the other hand, I didn't want to spend a fortune for some expensive brands that run up to $12,000. At that moment I was lucky enough to order from Amazon Breville 800JEXL Juice Fountain Elite. That juicer impressed me so much, that I was happy to buy Breville's whatever - which happened to be Breville 800ESXL Die-Cast Espresso Machine. It is reasonably priced for style and quality and so far I, my husband and all our guests are happy with both espresso and cappuccino. I only wish I could do more than 2 cups at the same time. A year later, I still think it was a great buy and it works as well as ever
The product came in a slightly damaged plastic cover pouch...there was a smudged dirty smear across the damaged pouch area, which came out with Laundering. Other than that, the sheets are great. The Lace needs starch and ironing. The fitted sheet fits over two twin beds that are made for individual remote adjustment positions of the mattresses, these two beds are put together to make a king bed. This product was a Christmas Gift and it was well received
I have always used the metal irons and was concerned about the nonstick. I was afraid the structure would create thicker pizzelles which are more cookie like versus light and wafer. The first ones came out and were sticking to the surface. I was disheartened thinking I am having the same problem as with the metal. I switched to nonstick to avoid this. Oh well, try again....and from that moment on was smooth sailing. I like the light indicator on this model, the easy clean up, storage design.....just everything.
The pizzelle baker performed very well. The batches of pizzelles were excellent and the recipes included were good. I recommend this pizzelle iron.
Very loud and heavy.  I have used lighter and less noisy vacuums in the past.  This one does pick up hair and lint very well.  Seems to deep-clean.  For the price, it was a good deal
Its a great product! good quality. Not enough velco (sp) for the bumpers , my bulldog takes them right off
Very satisfied with the system.  Makes water tastes go away.  Water should not have a taste at all and brita makes it that way
Appears to be their regular coffeemaker except a thermal carafe is substituted for the glass one and WATCH OUT FOR THAT HOT PLATE BURNER! It's a bit tough on the fingers if you weren't expecting the carafe to be heated. Basically, this is a good coffeemaker; just not quite worth the price tag. For that amount of money, I expected something more
The English take their toast seriously, and while I don't share their affinity for beans on toast for breakfast, I lusted after this gorgeous piece of appliance art at Williams-Sonoma for years.  About seven years ago, when the dollar was still strong versus the British pound, I bought the 2+2 combi model by mail from a restaurant supplier in the UK for about $100 less than the then-going US price.  While it's a bit dicey fitting thick-cut bagels into the slots (not a big bread item in the UK), I solve the problem by using the sandwich baskets to contain them.  The toasting is even, and I actually the enjoy the old-fashioned timer without pop-up, which keeps the toast warm while the rest of breakfast is being assembled.  Unlike others, I do not unplug it after each use.  Never had a problem.  The crumb tray is terrific, and actually does catch every bit of crumb without a mess.  I've had the $100 Krups and Cuisinart models, which burned out within two years.  This one is made for restaurant use, and I expect it to last a lifetime.  Worth every penny, if you appreciate high-end kitchen appliances and tools
I just love my new multi tasking opener. I have arthritis and it was difficult to open jars and this has been a life saver
I'm glad we went back to Braun for a coffee maker.  Tried a few others but they weren't as good.  Braun makes a hot, good cup of java, faster than most.  I do wish they would go back to the 12 cup pot
I really enjoy cooking in this pot.  It has lots of space and is great for all kinds of dishes.   The enamel surface is wonderful.  I love to cook a dish in the pot and serve from it at the table when its just the family.   The only drawback is how heavy the pot is, but that doesn't change the fact this is my favorite and now most used pot in my kitchen!
The best buy I have ever found on 1000 count sheets! They are excellent quality
I just want to say I am not sure why the person who lost a piece of the product in her (Dawn Ulepich "Dawnski337" (Illinois)) haste is criticizing the company for a bad product. I have only had one problem ever with a Rival product and when I called the company, they immediately sent a new product out to take care of the problem even though it was not a product problem but rather a handling problem. I have found that they are a more than fair company and will take care of their customers. They probably would have even taken care of replacement of the plastic part (even though she lost it). It is not fair to penalize the store from which it was bought or the company that produced it because of her carelessness
I burned up countless lesser spatulas before I found this one.  Try as I might, I can not damage it.  Not even in cast iron cookware.  Get one and see for yourself
I literally received the order 1 day after placing it.  Thank you
I have just opened the three sets and they are beautiful.  They arrived in perfect condition and I cannot believe how fast the delivery was.  A perfect addition for our dinner table
These are my favorite cookers.  So much so, I bought this one for my friend
We have had one o